
EmployeeID99998 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 1
Hourly based employee salary:530

EmployeeID0 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 12
Hourly based employee salary:740

EmployeeID1 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 32
Hourly based employee salary:1140

EmployeeID2 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 2
Hourly based employee salary:540

EmployeeID3 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 27
Hourly based employee salary:770

EmployeeID5 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 23
Hourly based employee salary:960

EmployeeID7 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 25
Hourly based employee salary:1250

EmployeeID10 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 32
Hourly based employee salary:1460

EmployeeID11 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 19
Hourly based employee salary:1070

EmployeeID15 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 26
Hourly based employee salary:1020

EmployeeID17 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 31
Hourly based employee salary:1430

EmployeeID18 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 17
Hourly based employee salary:840

EmployeeID21 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 12
Hourly based employee salary:740

EmployeeID24 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 28
Hourly based employee salary:780

EmployeeID32 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 8
Hourly based employee salary:580

EmployeeID34 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 21
Hourly based employee salary:920

EmployeeID37 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 22
Hourly based employee salary:720

EmployeeID38 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 33
Hourly based employee salary:1490

EmployeeID41 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 7
Hourly based employee salary:640

EmployeeID42 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 17
Hourly based employee salary:840

EmployeeID43 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 26
Hourly based employee salary:1280

EmployeeID44 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 21
Hourly based employee salary:920

EmployeeID45 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 6
Hourly based employee salary:560

EmployeeID46 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 26
Hourly based employee salary:1020

EmployeeID47 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 14
Hourly based employee salary:640

EmployeeID50 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 25
Hourly based employee salary:750

EmployeeID51 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 15
Hourly based employee salary:800

EmployeeID53 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 22
Hourly based employee salary:940

EmployeeID54 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 34
Hourly based employee salary:840

EmployeeID55 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 20
Hourly based employee salary:1100

EmployeeID56 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 7
Hourly based employee salary:710

EmployeeID57 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 19
Hourly based employee salary:690

EmployeeID61 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 23
Hourly based employee salary:730

EmployeeID63 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 5
Hourly based employee salary:650

EmployeeID64 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 24
Hourly based employee salary:980

EmployeeID70 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 38
Hourly based employee salary:1260

EmployeeID76 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 40
Hourly based employee salary:1300

EmployeeID77 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 0
Hourly based employee salary:500

EmployeeID78 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 13
Hourly based employee salary:760

EmployeeID81 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 12
Hourly based employee salary:860

EmployeeID83 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 17
Hourly based employee salary:840

EmployeeID85 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 26
Hourly based employee salary:1020

EmployeeID87 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 23
Hourly based employee salary:1190

EmployeeID89 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 25
Hourly based employee salary:750

EmployeeID91 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 9
Hourly based employee salary:680

EmployeeID92 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 25
Hourly based employee salary:750

EmployeeID95 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 1
Hourly based employee salary:530

EmployeeID96 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 0
Hourly based employee salary:500

EmployeeID97 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 28
Hourly based employee salary:780

EmployeeID98 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 22
Hourly based employee salary:720

EmployeeID100 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 10
Hourly based employee salary:800

EmployeeID103 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 10
Hourly based employee salary:700

EmployeeID104 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 20
Hourly based employee salary:900

EmployeeID106 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 15
Hourly based employee salary:650

EmployeeID107 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 39
Hourly based employee salary:1280

EmployeeID108 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 27
Hourly based employee salary:770

EmployeeID110 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 32
Hourly based employee salary:820

EmployeeID111 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 15
Hourly based employee salary:650

EmployeeID116 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 17
Hourly based employee salary:1010

EmployeeID117 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 24
Hourly based employee salary:1220

EmployeeID118 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 36
Hourly based employee salary:1220

EmployeeID119 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 24
Hourly based employee salary:980

EmployeeID120 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 12
Hourly based employee salary:740

EmployeeID122 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 30
Hourly based employee salary:800

EmployeeID123 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 20
Hourly based employee salary:700

EmployeeID126 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 40
Hourly based employee salary:1300

EmployeeID131 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 36
Hourly based employee salary:1580

EmployeeID132 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 5
Hourly based employee salary:550

EmployeeID133 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 14
Hourly based employee salary:920

EmployeeID136 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 6
Hourly based employee salary:680

EmployeeID137 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 9
Hourly based employee salary:770

EmployeeID139 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 10
Hourly based employee salary:700

EmployeeID143 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 32
Hourly based employee salary:820

EmployeeID145 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 18
Hourly based employee salary:1040

EmployeeID153 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 5
Hourly based employee salary:650

EmployeeID154 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 34
Hourly based employee salary:1520

EmployeeID156 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 28
Hourly based employee salary:780

EmployeeID157 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 40
Hourly based employee salary:900

EmployeeID158 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 2
Hourly based employee salary:560

EmployeeID159 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 26
Hourly based employee salary:760

EmployeeID160 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 4
Hourly based employee salary:620

EmployeeID161 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 34
Hourly based employee salary:1180

EmployeeID162 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 1
Hourly based employee salary:520

EmployeeID163 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 27
Hourly based employee salary:1040

EmployeeID166 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 5
Hourly based employee salary:600

EmployeeID168 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 31
Hourly based employee salary:1430

EmployeeID171 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 16
Hourly based employee salary:820

EmployeeID172 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 26
Hourly based employee salary:760

EmployeeID174 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 1
Hourly based employee salary:520

EmployeeID175 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 20
Hourly based employee salary:700

EmployeeID176 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 14
Hourly based employee salary:920

EmployeeID179 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 7
Hourly based employee salary:710

EmployeeID181 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 24
Hourly based employee salary:980

EmployeeID182 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 29
Hourly based employee salary:1080

EmployeeID183 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 9
Hourly based employee salary:770

EmployeeID186 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 14
Hourly based employee salary:920

EmployeeID187 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 15
Hourly based employee salary:800

EmployeeID189 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 23
Hourly based employee salary:1190

EmployeeID191 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 20
Hourly based employee salary:1100

EmployeeID192 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 33
Hourly based employee salary:830

EmployeeID193 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 2
Hourly based employee salary:540

EmployeeID194 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 35
Hourly based employee salary:1550

EmployeeID197 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 8
Hourly based employee salary:660

EmployeeID199 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 25
Hourly based employee salary:1000

EmployeeID201 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 20
Hourly based employee salary:900

EmployeeID202 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 30
Hourly based employee salary:800

EmployeeID203 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 7
Hourly based employee salary:570

EmployeeID204 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 9
Hourly based employee salary:590

EmployeeID205 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 12
Hourly based employee salary:620

EmployeeID206 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 19
Hourly based employee salary:1070

EmployeeID207 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 17
Hourly based employee salary:840

EmployeeID208 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 28
Hourly based employee salary:780

EmployeeID209 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 18
Hourly based employee salary:1040

EmployeeID210 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 9
Hourly based employee salary:680

EmployeeID213 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 39
Hourly based employee salary:1670

EmployeeID216 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 5
Hourly based employee salary:550

EmployeeID217 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 16
Hourly based employee salary:820

EmployeeID218 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 12
Hourly based employee salary:740

EmployeeID220 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 7
Hourly based employee salary:710

EmployeeID221 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 10
Hourly based employee salary:800

EmployeeID222 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 26
Hourly based employee salary:1020

EmployeeID225 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 38
Hourly based employee salary:880

EmployeeID226 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 31
Hourly based employee salary:810

EmployeeID228 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 27
Hourly based employee salary:770

EmployeeID230 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 31
Hourly based employee salary:1430

EmployeeID231 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 33
Hourly based employee salary:830

EmployeeID233 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 11
Hourly based employee salary:830

EmployeeID234 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 36
Hourly based employee salary:1220

EmployeeID235 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 9
Hourly based employee salary:770

EmployeeID237 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 26
Hourly based employee salary:1280

EmployeeID240 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 20
Hourly based employee salary:900

EmployeeID242 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 35
Hourly based employee salary:1550

EmployeeID244 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 4
Hourly based employee salary:580

EmployeeID249 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 29
Hourly based employee salary:1370

EmployeeID250 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 37
Hourly based employee salary:1240

EmployeeID251 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 25
Hourly based employee salary:1000

EmployeeID254 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 8
Hourly based employee salary:660

EmployeeID256 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 30
Hourly based employee salary:1400

EmployeeID259 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 4
Hourly based employee salary:620

EmployeeID262 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 28
Hourly based employee salary:1340

EmployeeID266 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 15
Hourly based employee salary:800

EmployeeID268 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 17
Hourly based employee salary:840

EmployeeID271 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 25
Hourly based employee salary:1000

EmployeeID273 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 35
Hourly based employee salary:850

EmployeeID275 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 20
Hourly based employee salary:900

EmployeeID277 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 12
Hourly based employee salary:620

EmployeeID278 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 13
Hourly based employee salary:890

EmployeeID281 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 39
Hourly based employee salary:1670

EmployeeID282 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 11
Hourly based employee salary:830

EmployeeID284 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 2
Hourly based employee salary:560

EmployeeID285 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 27
Hourly based employee salary:1310

EmployeeID287 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 30
Hourly based employee salary:1400

EmployeeID289 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 35
Hourly based employee salary:1550

EmployeeID290 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 12
Hourly based employee salary:860

EmployeeID291 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 37
Hourly based employee salary:1610

EmployeeID292 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 0
Hourly based employee salary:500

EmployeeID293 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 30
Hourly based employee salary:1100

EmployeeID295 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 7
Hourly based employee salary:570

EmployeeID296 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 19
Hourly based employee salary:1070

EmployeeID299 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 36
Hourly based employee salary:1220

EmployeeID301 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 21
Hourly based employee salary:710

EmployeeID304 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 4
Hourly based employee salary:580

EmployeeID305 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 33
Hourly based employee salary:1490

EmployeeID308 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 37
Hourly based employee salary:1240

EmployeeID309 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 8
Hourly based employee salary:580

EmployeeID312 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 4
Hourly based employee salary:580

EmployeeID314 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 16
Hourly based employee salary:660

EmployeeID315 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 0
Hourly based employee salary:500

EmployeeID316 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 38
Hourly based employee salary:1260

EmployeeID320 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 8
Hourly based employee salary:580

EmployeeID321 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 33
Hourly based employee salary:830

EmployeeID322 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 23
Hourly based employee salary:1190

EmployeeID324 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 3
Hourly based employee salary:590

EmployeeID325 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 12
Hourly based employee salary:740

EmployeeID327 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 15
Hourly based employee salary:650

EmployeeID329 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 3
Hourly based employee salary:530

EmployeeID333 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 35
Hourly based employee salary:1200

EmployeeID334 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 5
Hourly based employee salary:650

EmployeeID335 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 28
Hourly based employee salary:780

EmployeeID336 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 27
Hourly based employee salary:770

EmployeeID337 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 40
Hourly based employee salary:1300

EmployeeID343 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 4
Hourly based employee salary:580

EmployeeID344 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 12
Hourly based employee salary:740

EmployeeID349 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 13
Hourly based employee salary:890

EmployeeID350 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 31
Hourly based employee salary:1120

EmployeeID352 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 35
Hourly based employee salary:1200

EmployeeID353 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 1
Hourly based employee salary:520

EmployeeID355 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 40
Hourly based employee salary:1300

EmployeeID358 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 10
Hourly based employee salary:600

EmployeeID369 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 2
Hourly based employee salary:560

EmployeeID370 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 0
Hourly based employee salary:500

EmployeeID371 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 11
Hourly based employee salary:720

EmployeeID372 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 40
Hourly based employee salary:1300

EmployeeID385 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 26
Hourly based employee salary:1020

EmployeeID387 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 39
Hourly based employee salary:1670

EmployeeID389 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 30
Hourly based employee salary:1100

EmployeeID390 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 24
Hourly based employee salary:740

EmployeeID391 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 0
Hourly based employee salary:500

EmployeeID392 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 14
Hourly based employee salary:920

EmployeeID393 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 24
Hourly based employee salary:980

EmployeeID395 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 17
Hourly based employee salary:1010

EmployeeID396 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 34
Hourly based employee salary:1180

EmployeeID399 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 3
Hourly based employee salary:530

EmployeeID401 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 17
Hourly based employee salary:670

EmployeeID405 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 6
Hourly based employee salary:620

EmployeeID407 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 4
Hourly based employee salary:580

EmployeeID408 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 13
Hourly based employee salary:890

EmployeeID409 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 13
Hourly based employee salary:890

EmployeeID412 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 9
Hourly based employee salary:770

EmployeeID413 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 14
Hourly based employee salary:920

EmployeeID415 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 26
Hourly based employee salary:760

EmployeeID419 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 36
Hourly based employee salary:860

EmployeeID420 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 5
Hourly based employee salary:650

EmployeeID421 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 30
Hourly based employee salary:1100

EmployeeID422 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 13
Hourly based employee salary:890

EmployeeID423 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 27
Hourly based employee salary:770

EmployeeID425 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 31
Hourly based employee salary:1120

EmployeeID426 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 9
Hourly based employee salary:770

EmployeeID429 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 16
Hourly based employee salary:820

EmployeeID431 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 31
Hourly based employee salary:810

EmployeeID432 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 0
Hourly based employee salary:500

EmployeeID435 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 20
Hourly based employee salary:900

EmployeeID437 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 19
Hourly based employee salary:690

EmployeeID439 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 29
Hourly based employee salary:1080

EmployeeID440 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 33
Hourly based employee salary:1490

EmployeeID441 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 35
Hourly based employee salary:1200

EmployeeID442 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 7
Hourly based employee salary:710

EmployeeID443 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 17
Hourly based employee salary:670

EmployeeID448 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 17
Hourly based employee salary:840

EmployeeID449 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 32
Hourly based employee salary:1460

EmployeeID450 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 6
Hourly based employee salary:680

EmployeeID451 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 6
Hourly based employee salary:680

EmployeeID452 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 32
Hourly based employee salary:1140

EmployeeID453 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 36
Hourly based employee salary:1580

EmployeeID454 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 6
Hourly based employee salary:680

EmployeeID456 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 15
Hourly based employee salary:650

EmployeeID457 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 36
Hourly based employee salary:1220

EmployeeID459 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 17
Hourly based employee salary:670

EmployeeID461 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 21
Hourly based employee salary:920

EmployeeID462 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 17
Hourly based employee salary:840

EmployeeID464 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 7
Hourly based employee salary:640

EmployeeID465 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 2
Hourly based employee salary:560

EmployeeID466 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 10
Hourly based employee salary:800

EmployeeID468 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 13
Hourly based employee salary:630

EmployeeID472 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 22
Hourly based employee salary:940

EmployeeID474 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 3
Hourly based employee salary:590

EmployeeID476 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 32
Hourly based employee salary:820

EmployeeID480 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 12
Hourly based employee salary:620

EmployeeID481 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 14
Hourly based employee salary:780

EmployeeID482 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 2
Hourly based employee salary:540

EmployeeID483 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 11
Hourly based employee salary:610

EmployeeID485 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 25
Hourly based employee salary:1250

EmployeeID490 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 4
Hourly based employee salary:540

EmployeeID492 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 0
Hourly based employee salary:500

EmployeeID496 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 29
Hourly based employee salary:1370

EmployeeID497 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 4
Hourly based employee salary:620

EmployeeID505 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 24
Hourly based employee salary:1220

EmployeeID506 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 26
Hourly based employee salary:760

EmployeeID508 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 25
Hourly based employee salary:1000

EmployeeID509 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 1
Hourly based employee salary:530

EmployeeID510 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 36
Hourly based employee salary:1220

EmployeeID511 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 11
Hourly based employee salary:830

EmployeeID513 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 15
Hourly based employee salary:800

EmployeeID516 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 17
Hourly based employee salary:670

EmployeeID518 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 8
Hourly based employee salary:740

EmployeeID522 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 6
Hourly based employee salary:680

EmployeeID525 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 26
Hourly based employee salary:1280

EmployeeID526 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 8
Hourly based employee salary:660

EmployeeID529 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 27
Hourly based employee salary:1310

EmployeeID532 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 16
Hourly based employee salary:820

EmployeeID534 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 3
Hourly based employee salary:560

EmployeeID535 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 0
Hourly based employee salary:500

EmployeeID537 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 40
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID538 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 3
Hourly based employee salary:530

EmployeeID539 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 29
Hourly based employee salary:790

EmployeeID540 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 17
Hourly based employee salary:1010

EmployeeID542 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 24
Hourly based employee salary:980

EmployeeID543 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 6
Hourly based employee salary:680

EmployeeID544 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 21
Hourly based employee salary:710

EmployeeID545 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 23
Hourly based employee salary:730

EmployeeID547 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 25
Hourly based employee salary:750

EmployeeID548 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 3
Hourly based employee salary:590

EmployeeID549 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 6
Hourly based employee salary:680

EmployeeID551 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 22
Hourly based employee salary:720

EmployeeID552 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 28
Hourly based employee salary:780

EmployeeID554 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 16
Hourly based employee salary:980

EmployeeID555 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 9
Hourly based employee salary:770

EmployeeID560 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 15
Hourly based employee salary:950

EmployeeID561 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 4
Hourly based employee salary:620

EmployeeID562 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 22
Hourly based employee salary:940

EmployeeID563 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 15
Hourly based employee salary:950

EmployeeID564 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 8
Hourly based employee salary:660

EmployeeID565 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 15
Hourly based employee salary:800

EmployeeID566 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 34
Hourly based employee salary:840

EmployeeID567 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 39
Hourly based employee salary:1670

EmployeeID568 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 2
Hourly based employee salary:560

EmployeeID569 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 0
Hourly based employee salary:500

EmployeeID576 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 33
Hourly based employee salary:1160

EmployeeID577 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 24
Hourly based employee salary:980

EmployeeID578 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 35
Hourly based employee salary:1550

EmployeeID579 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 27
Hourly based employee salary:770

EmployeeID580 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 37
Hourly based employee salary:1610

EmployeeID581 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 6
Hourly based employee salary:680

EmployeeID583 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 13
Hourly based employee salary:760

EmployeeID587 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 14
Hourly based employee salary:920

EmployeeID590 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 15
Hourly based employee salary:950

EmployeeID591 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 35
Hourly based employee salary:1200

EmployeeID594 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 12
Hourly based employee salary:620

EmployeeID595 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 13
Hourly based employee salary:760

EmployeeID599 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 22
Hourly based employee salary:940

EmployeeID600 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 22
Hourly based employee salary:720

EmployeeID602 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 29
Hourly based employee salary:790

EmployeeID614 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 37
Hourly based employee salary:870

EmployeeID617 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 27
Hourly based employee salary:1310

EmployeeID620 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 20
Hourly based employee salary:1100

EmployeeID624 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 12
Hourly based employee salary:740

EmployeeID628 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 8
Hourly based employee salary:660

EmployeeID629 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 40
Hourly based employee salary:900

EmployeeID632 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 22
Hourly based employee salary:940

EmployeeID633 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 2
Hourly based employee salary:540

EmployeeID634 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 13
Hourly based employee salary:890

EmployeeID637 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 5
Hourly based employee salary:550

EmployeeID638 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 29
Hourly based employee salary:790

EmployeeID641 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 35
Hourly based employee salary:1200

EmployeeID643 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 29
Hourly based employee salary:1370

EmployeeID647 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 8
Hourly based employee salary:740

EmployeeID648 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 30
Hourly based employee salary:800

EmployeeID649 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 14
Hourly based employee salary:780

EmployeeID651 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 35
Hourly based employee salary:1200

EmployeeID656 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 0
Hourly based employee salary:500

EmployeeID657 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 10
Hourly based employee salary:800

EmployeeID658 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 11
Hourly based employee salary:720

EmployeeID660 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 6
Hourly based employee salary:620

EmployeeID661 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 38
Hourly based employee salary:1260

EmployeeID662 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 0
Hourly based employee salary:500

EmployeeID663 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 28
Hourly based employee salary:780

EmployeeID665 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 32
Hourly based employee salary:1140

EmployeeID667 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 30
Hourly based employee salary:1400

EmployeeID669 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 28
Hourly based employee salary:1060

EmployeeID670 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 3
Hourly based employee salary:530

EmployeeID671 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 34
Hourly based employee salary:1180

EmployeeID672 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 4
Hourly based employee salary:580

EmployeeID673 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 33
Hourly based employee salary:830

EmployeeID674 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 2
Hourly based employee salary:540

EmployeeID678 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 15
Hourly based employee salary:650

EmployeeID679 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 40
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID681 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 33
Hourly based employee salary:830

EmployeeID684 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 37
Hourly based employee salary:1610

EmployeeID689 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 27
Hourly based employee salary:1310

EmployeeID691 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 2
Hourly based employee salary:560

EmployeeID693 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 15
Hourly based employee salary:800

EmployeeID696 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 29
Hourly based employee salary:790

EmployeeID697 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 23
Hourly based employee salary:730

EmployeeID700 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 5
Hourly based employee salary:550

EmployeeID701 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 40
Hourly based employee salary:1300

EmployeeID705 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 23
Hourly based employee salary:730

EmployeeID708 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 18
Hourly based employee salary:680

EmployeeID711 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 21
Hourly based employee salary:920

EmployeeID712 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 11
Hourly based employee salary:610

EmployeeID713 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 16
Hourly based employee salary:980

EmployeeID716 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 40
Hourly based employee salary:900

EmployeeID718 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 17
Hourly based employee salary:1010

EmployeeID719 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 29
Hourly based employee salary:790

EmployeeID720 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 0
Hourly based employee salary:500

EmployeeID721 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 20
Hourly based employee salary:1100

EmployeeID722 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 29
Hourly based employee salary:1080

EmployeeID723 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 19
Hourly based employee salary:880

EmployeeID724 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 39
Hourly based employee salary:890

EmployeeID727 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 34
Hourly based employee salary:840

EmployeeID731 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 14
Hourly based employee salary:640

EmployeeID733 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 4
Hourly based employee salary:620

EmployeeID734 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 28
Hourly based employee salary:1060

EmployeeID736 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 18
Hourly based employee salary:1040

EmployeeID737 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 11
Hourly based employee salary:830

EmployeeID740 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 32
Hourly based employee salary:1140

EmployeeID744 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 18
Hourly based employee salary:1040

EmployeeID745 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 4
Hourly based employee salary:620

EmployeeID746 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 15
Hourly based employee salary:650

EmployeeID750 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 24
Hourly based employee salary:740

EmployeeID751 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 34
Hourly based employee salary:1180

EmployeeID752 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 0
Hourly based employee salary:500

EmployeeID754 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 29
Hourly based employee salary:1080

EmployeeID757 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 27
Hourly based employee salary:770

EmployeeID759 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 14
Hourly based employee salary:920

EmployeeID760 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 5
Hourly based employee salary:550

EmployeeID763 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 35
Hourly based employee salary:1200

EmployeeID766 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 8
Hourly based employee salary:660

EmployeeID768 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 26
Hourly based employee salary:1280

EmployeeID771 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 14
Hourly based employee salary:780

EmployeeID773 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 21
Hourly based employee salary:710

EmployeeID774 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 33
Hourly based employee salary:1160

EmployeeID775 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 22
Hourly based employee salary:720

EmployeeID776 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 27
Hourly based employee salary:1040

EmployeeID778 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 38
Hourly based employee salary:1260

EmployeeID781 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 24
Hourly based employee salary:980

EmployeeID784 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 3
Hourly based employee salary:560

EmployeeID785 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 38
Hourly based employee salary:1640

EmployeeID786 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 13
Hourly based employee salary:890

EmployeeID788 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 25
Hourly based employee salary:750

EmployeeID789 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 23
Hourly based employee salary:960

EmployeeID791 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 5
Hourly based employee salary:650

EmployeeID795 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 1
Hourly based employee salary:530

EmployeeID796 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 35
Hourly based employee salary:850

EmployeeID798 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 39
Hourly based employee salary:1670

EmployeeID800 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 18
Hourly based employee salary:1040

EmployeeID802 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 26
Hourly based employee salary:1020

EmployeeID805 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 23
Hourly based employee salary:730

EmployeeID806 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 6
Hourly based employee salary:680

EmployeeID810 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 16
Hourly based employee salary:820

EmployeeID811 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 24
Hourly based employee salary:980

EmployeeID812 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 18
Hourly based employee salary:680

EmployeeID813 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 5
Hourly based employee salary:600

EmployeeID814 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 33
Hourly based employee salary:1490

EmployeeID815 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 34
Hourly based employee salary:840

EmployeeID822 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 28
Hourly based employee salary:780

EmployeeID824 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 6
Hourly based employee salary:620

EmployeeID825 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 26
Hourly based employee salary:1020

EmployeeID827 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 3
Hourly based employee salary:590

EmployeeID828 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 5
Hourly based employee salary:650

EmployeeID829 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 24
Hourly based employee salary:980

EmployeeID830 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 18
Hourly based employee salary:680

EmployeeID831 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 38
Hourly based employee salary:1260

EmployeeID834 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 38
Hourly based employee salary:1640

EmployeeID840 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 24
Hourly based employee salary:1220

EmployeeID843 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 20
Hourly based employee salary:1100

EmployeeID845 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 23
Hourly based employee salary:960

EmployeeID846 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 36
Hourly based employee salary:1220

EmployeeID848 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 17
Hourly based employee salary:1010

EmployeeID849 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 18
Hourly based employee salary:860

EmployeeID851 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 7
Hourly based employee salary:640

EmployeeID852 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 25
Hourly based employee salary:1250

EmployeeID853 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 35
Hourly based employee salary:850

EmployeeID855 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 29
Hourly based employee salary:1080

EmployeeID856 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 26
Hourly based employee salary:1280

EmployeeID858 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 5
Hourly based employee salary:550

EmployeeID860 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 35
Hourly based employee salary:850

EmployeeID865 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 11
Hourly based employee salary:610

EmployeeID866 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 29
Hourly based employee salary:1080

EmployeeID870 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 40
Hourly based employee salary:900

EmployeeID872 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 15
Hourly based employee salary:650

EmployeeID873 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 26
Hourly based employee salary:760

EmployeeID875 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 1
Hourly based employee salary:510

EmployeeID877 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 13
Hourly based employee salary:760

EmployeeID878 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 23
Hourly based employee salary:1190

EmployeeID879 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 10
Hourly based employee salary:700

EmployeeID883 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 19
Hourly based employee salary:880

EmployeeID890 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 24
Hourly based employee salary:740

EmployeeID893 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 9
Hourly based employee salary:680

EmployeeID895 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 25
Hourly based employee salary:750

EmployeeID897 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 6
Hourly based employee salary:680

EmployeeID898 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 27
Hourly based employee salary:1310

EmployeeID900 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 13
Hourly based employee salary:760

EmployeeID902 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 11
Hourly based employee salary:830

EmployeeID903 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 33
Hourly based employee salary:830

EmployeeID909 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 32
Hourly based employee salary:1460

EmployeeID910 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 30
Hourly based employee salary:1100

EmployeeID911 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 4
Hourly based employee salary:540

EmployeeID912 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 28
Hourly based employee salary:1060

EmployeeID913 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 8
Hourly based employee salary:740

EmployeeID917 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 15
Hourly based employee salary:800

EmployeeID920 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 9
Hourly based employee salary:680

EmployeeID922 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 29
Hourly based employee salary:790

EmployeeID924 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 0
Hourly based employee salary:500

EmployeeID925 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 17
Hourly based employee salary:1010

EmployeeID926 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 32
Hourly based employee salary:1460

EmployeeID927 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 20
Hourly based employee salary:1100

EmployeeID933 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 27
Hourly based employee salary:1310

EmployeeID934 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 40
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID941 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 1
Hourly based employee salary:510

EmployeeID943 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 23
Hourly based employee salary:960

EmployeeID944 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 12
Hourly based employee salary:860

EmployeeID945 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 29
Hourly based employee salary:1370

EmployeeID947 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 1
Hourly based employee salary:520

EmployeeID951 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 27
Hourly based employee salary:1040

EmployeeID952 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 40
Hourly based employee salary:1300

EmployeeID955 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 7
Hourly based employee salary:710

EmployeeID956 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 17
Hourly based employee salary:1010

EmployeeID957 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 4
Hourly based employee salary:620

EmployeeID958 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 22
Hourly based employee salary:720

EmployeeID962 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 23
Hourly based employee salary:960

EmployeeID966 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 8
Hourly based employee salary:580

EmployeeID969 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 10
Hourly based employee salary:800

EmployeeID970 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 38
Hourly based employee salary:1260

EmployeeID971 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 6
Hourly based employee salary:680

EmployeeID974 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 13
Hourly based employee salary:890

EmployeeID977 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 34
Hourly based employee salary:1520

EmployeeID978 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 14
Hourly based employee salary:920

EmployeeID979 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 29
Hourly based employee salary:1080

EmployeeID981 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 16
Hourly based employee salary:980

EmployeeID983 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 36
Hourly based employee salary:1220

EmployeeID985 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 0
Hourly based employee salary:500

EmployeeID986 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 20
Hourly based employee salary:900

EmployeeID987 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 37
Hourly based employee salary:870

EmployeeID989 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 39
Hourly based employee salary:890

EmployeeID992 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 22
Hourly based employee salary:720

EmployeeID994 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 26
Hourly based employee salary:1020

EmployeeID995 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 17
Hourly based employee salary:670

EmployeeID996 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 9
Hourly based employee salary:770

EmployeeID997 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 18
Hourly based employee salary:1040

EmployeeID998 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 30
Hourly based employee salary:1400

EmployeeID0 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 10
Hourly based employee salary:800

EmployeeID2 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 0
Hourly based employee salary:500

EmployeeID4 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 14
Hourly based employee salary:780

EmployeeID5 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 6
Hourly based employee salary:620

EmployeeID6 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 37
Hourly based employee salary:870

EmployeeID8 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 26
Hourly based employee salary:1280

EmployeeID9 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 39
Hourly based employee salary:1670

EmployeeID10 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 9
Hourly based employee salary:680

EmployeeID12 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 11
Hourly based employee salary:610

EmployeeID13 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 15
Hourly based employee salary:800

EmployeeID16 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 14
Hourly based employee salary:640

EmployeeID19 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 14
Hourly based employee salary:920

EmployeeID20 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 35
Hourly based employee salary:850

EmployeeID23 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 9
Hourly based employee salary:770

EmployeeID27 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 39
Hourly based employee salary:1670

EmployeeID30 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 7
Hourly based employee salary:640

EmployeeID32 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 2
Hourly based employee salary:560

EmployeeID34 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 2
Hourly based employee salary:540

EmployeeID37 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 13
Hourly based employee salary:760

EmployeeID39 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 0
Hourly based employee salary:500

EmployeeID41 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 39
Hourly based employee salary:1280

EmployeeID47 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 3
Hourly based employee salary:530

EmployeeID48 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 21
Hourly based employee salary:920

EmployeeID50 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 0
Hourly based employee salary:500

EmployeeID51 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 1
Hourly based employee salary:530

EmployeeID52 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 2
Hourly based employee salary:560

EmployeeID53 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 10
Hourly based employee salary:800

EmployeeID54 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 31
Hourly based employee salary:1120

EmployeeID55 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 5
Hourly based employee salary:550

EmployeeID56 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 31
Hourly based employee salary:810

EmployeeID57 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 33
Hourly based employee salary:1160

EmployeeID58 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 19
Hourly based employee salary:690

EmployeeID60 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 1
Hourly based employee salary:520

EmployeeID62 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 19
Hourly based employee salary:690

EmployeeID64 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 28
Hourly based employee salary:1060

EmployeeID66 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 5
Hourly based employee salary:600

EmployeeID67 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 40
Hourly based employee salary:900

EmployeeID70 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 39
Hourly based employee salary:890

EmployeeID71 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 27
Hourly based employee salary:1040

EmployeeID76 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 2
Hourly based employee salary:560

EmployeeID78 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 4
Hourly based employee salary:580

EmployeeID79 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 22
Hourly based employee salary:720

EmployeeID84 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 20
Hourly based employee salary:900

EmployeeID85 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 10
Hourly based employee salary:800

EmployeeID87 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 34
Hourly based employee salary:1520

EmployeeID88 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 33
Hourly based employee salary:1490

EmployeeID89 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 27
Hourly based employee salary:1310

EmployeeID90 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 37
Hourly based employee salary:870

EmployeeID91 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 15
Hourly based employee salary:950

EmployeeID94 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 26
Hourly based employee salary:1280

EmployeeID96 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 1
Hourly based employee salary:530

EmployeeID97 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 13
Hourly based employee salary:760

EmployeeID99 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 0
Hourly based employee salary:500

EmployeeID104 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 34
Hourly based employee salary:840

EmployeeID105 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 14
Hourly based employee salary:780

EmployeeID107 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 21
Hourly based employee salary:710

EmployeeID109 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 28
Hourly based employee salary:1340

EmployeeID111 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 18
Hourly based employee salary:860

EmployeeID112 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 26
Hourly based employee salary:760

EmployeeID113 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 9
Hourly based employee salary:770

EmployeeID114 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 5
Hourly based employee salary:600

EmployeeID117 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 8
Hourly based employee salary:740

EmployeeID120 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 24
Hourly based employee salary:740

EmployeeID123 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 16
Hourly based employee salary:820

EmployeeID124 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 17
Hourly based employee salary:1010

EmployeeID125 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 36
Hourly based employee salary:1220

EmployeeID127 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 8
Hourly based employee salary:660

EmployeeID130 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 8
Hourly based employee salary:660

EmployeeID131 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 27
Hourly based employee salary:770

EmployeeID134 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 25
Hourly based employee salary:1000

EmployeeID135 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 36
Hourly based employee salary:860

EmployeeID136 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 38
Hourly based employee salary:880

EmployeeID141 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 34
Hourly based employee salary:1180

EmployeeID143 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 28
Hourly based employee salary:780

EmployeeID144 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 8
Hourly based employee salary:740

EmployeeID147 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 35
Hourly based employee salary:1200

EmployeeID149 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 31
Hourly based employee salary:1430

EmployeeID150 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 9
Hourly based employee salary:590

EmployeeID151 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 21
Hourly based employee salary:1130

EmployeeID153 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 37
Hourly based employee salary:1240

EmployeeID154 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 17
Hourly based employee salary:670

EmployeeID159 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 24
Hourly based employee salary:980

EmployeeID162 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 28
Hourly based employee salary:1340

EmployeeID164 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 16
Hourly based employee salary:980

EmployeeID170 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 36
Hourly based employee salary:1220

EmployeeID171 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 30
Hourly based employee salary:800

EmployeeID175 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 28
Hourly based employee salary:1060

EmployeeID176 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 9
Hourly based employee salary:680

EmployeeID177 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 39
Hourly based employee salary:1280

EmployeeID178 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 24
Hourly based employee salary:1220

EmployeeID180 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 11
Hourly based employee salary:830

EmployeeID182 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 8
Hourly based employee salary:580

EmployeeID183 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 31
Hourly based employee salary:1430

EmployeeID185 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 34
Hourly based employee salary:840

EmployeeID186 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 30
Hourly based employee salary:1400

EmployeeID187 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 2
Hourly based employee salary:540

EmployeeID188 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 25
Hourly based employee salary:1000

EmployeeID189 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 37
Hourly based employee salary:1610

EmployeeID194 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 19
Hourly based employee salary:1070

EmployeeID200 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 13
Hourly based employee salary:890

EmployeeID203 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 5
Hourly based employee salary:550

EmployeeID205 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 14
Hourly based employee salary:780

EmployeeID207 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 39
Hourly based employee salary:1670

EmployeeID209 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 0
Hourly based employee salary:500

EmployeeID210 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 18
Hourly based employee salary:860

EmployeeID215 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 7
Hourly based employee salary:710

EmployeeID217 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 12
Hourly based employee salary:860

EmployeeID220 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 3
Hourly based employee salary:590

EmployeeID221 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 22
Hourly based employee salary:940

EmployeeID233 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 7
Hourly based employee salary:640

EmployeeID234 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 5
Hourly based employee salary:550

EmployeeID236 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 22
Hourly based employee salary:1160

EmployeeID237 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 31
Hourly based employee salary:1430

EmployeeID240 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 20
Hourly based employee salary:700

EmployeeID242 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 6
Hourly based employee salary:680

EmployeeID244 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 24
Hourly based employee salary:980

EmployeeID245 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 40
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID248 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 13
Hourly based employee salary:760

EmployeeID249 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 19
Hourly based employee salary:690

EmployeeID251 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 2
Hourly based employee salary:520

EmployeeID252 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 16
Hourly based employee salary:980

EmployeeID256 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 12
Hourly based employee salary:860

EmployeeID260 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 12
Hourly based employee salary:860

EmployeeID261 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 19
Hourly based employee salary:880

EmployeeID262 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 10
Hourly based employee salary:600

EmployeeID265 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 37
Hourly based employee salary:870

EmployeeID268 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 16
Hourly based employee salary:980

EmployeeID269 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 28
Hourly based employee salary:1060

EmployeeID270 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 34
Hourly based employee salary:1520

EmployeeID274 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 5
Hourly based employee salary:650

EmployeeID276 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 38
Hourly based employee salary:880

EmployeeID278 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 16
Hourly based employee salary:820

EmployeeID281 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 9
Hourly based employee salary:590

EmployeeID284 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 29
Hourly based employee salary:1080

EmployeeID291 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 26
Hourly based employee salary:1280

EmployeeID294 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 39
Hourly based employee salary:890

EmployeeID295 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 13
Hourly based employee salary:890

EmployeeID296 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 34
Hourly based employee salary:1180

EmployeeID297 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 13
Hourly based employee salary:890

EmployeeID298 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 16
Hourly based employee salary:820

EmployeeID299 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 34
Hourly based employee salary:1180

EmployeeID300 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 11
Hourly based employee salary:830

EmployeeID303 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 23
Hourly based employee salary:1190

EmployeeID304 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 19
Hourly based employee salary:880

EmployeeID307 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 37
Hourly based employee salary:1610

EmployeeID310 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 17
Hourly based employee salary:1010

EmployeeID312 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 33
Hourly based employee salary:830

EmployeeID317 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 20
Hourly based employee salary:1100

EmployeeID318 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 31
Hourly based employee salary:1120

EmployeeID322 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 34
Hourly based employee salary:1520

EmployeeID325 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 37
Hourly based employee salary:1240

EmployeeID327 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 31
Hourly based employee salary:1120

EmployeeID328 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 23
Hourly based employee salary:730

EmployeeID329 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 23
Hourly based employee salary:730

EmployeeID333 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 10
Hourly based employee salary:800

EmployeeID334 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 6
Hourly based employee salary:560

EmployeeID338 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 25
Hourly based employee salary:750

EmployeeID339 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 32
Hourly based employee salary:1460

EmployeeID341 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 14
Hourly based employee salary:640

EmployeeID342 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 36
Hourly based employee salary:1220

EmployeeID344 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 15
Hourly based employee salary:950

EmployeeID346 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 0
Hourly based employee salary:500

EmployeeID349 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 15
Hourly based employee salary:800

EmployeeID350 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 23
Hourly based employee salary:730

EmployeeID351 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 18
Hourly based employee salary:1040

EmployeeID352 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 20
Hourly based employee salary:900

EmployeeID354 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 25
Hourly based employee salary:750

EmployeeID357 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 38
Hourly based employee salary:1640

EmployeeID359 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 5
Hourly based employee salary:650

EmployeeID360 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 1
Hourly based employee salary:520

EmployeeID365 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 13
Hourly based employee salary:760

EmployeeID366 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 8
Hourly based employee salary:660

EmployeeID369 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 22
Hourly based employee salary:720

EmployeeID371 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 28
Hourly based employee salary:1060

EmployeeID374 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 18
Hourly based employee salary:860

EmployeeID375 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 8
Hourly based employee salary:660

EmployeeID376 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 31
Hourly based employee salary:1120

EmployeeID378 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 14
Hourly based employee salary:780

EmployeeID381 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 26
Hourly based employee salary:760

EmployeeID382 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 30
Hourly based employee salary:1100

EmployeeID390 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 3
Hourly based employee salary:590

EmployeeID391 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 6
Hourly based employee salary:680

EmployeeID394 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 6
Hourly based employee salary:680

EmployeeID395 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 0
Hourly based employee salary:500

EmployeeID396 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 37
Hourly based employee salary:1240

EmployeeID397 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 39
Hourly based employee salary:1670

EmployeeID398 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 21
Hourly based employee salary:920

EmployeeID399 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 8
Hourly based employee salary:660

EmployeeID402 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 26
Hourly based employee salary:1280

EmployeeID403 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 22
Hourly based employee salary:720

EmployeeID407 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 10
Hourly based employee salary:600

EmployeeID408 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 35
Hourly based employee salary:850

EmployeeID409 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 4
Hourly based employee salary:580

EmployeeID411 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 34
Hourly based employee salary:1180

EmployeeID413 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 8
Hourly based employee salary:660

EmployeeID414 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 20
Hourly based employee salary:700

EmployeeID416 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 35
Hourly based employee salary:1200

EmployeeID418 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 3
Hourly based employee salary:530

EmployeeID419 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 40
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID423 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 6
Hourly based employee salary:560

EmployeeID425 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 34
Hourly based employee salary:1180

EmployeeID427 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 10
Hourly based employee salary:600

EmployeeID428 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 39
Hourly based employee salary:1670

EmployeeID429 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 11
Hourly based employee salary:720

EmployeeID430 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 6
Hourly based employee salary:680

EmployeeID434 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 37
Hourly based employee salary:1240

EmployeeID437 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 17
Hourly based employee salary:840

EmployeeID439 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 38
Hourly based employee salary:880

EmployeeID442 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 28
Hourly based employee salary:780

EmployeeID447 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 23
Hourly based employee salary:960

EmployeeID448 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 28
Hourly based employee salary:1340

EmployeeID449 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 11
Hourly based employee salary:610

EmployeeID455 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 28
Hourly based employee salary:1340

EmployeeID459 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 30
Hourly based employee salary:1100

EmployeeID463 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 39
Hourly based employee salary:1280

EmployeeID466 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 2
Hourly based employee salary:540

EmployeeID470 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 40
Hourly based employee salary:900

EmployeeID472 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 38
Hourly based employee salary:880

EmployeeID473 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 31
Hourly based employee salary:810

EmployeeID474 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 30
Hourly based employee salary:800

EmployeeID475 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 6
Hourly based employee salary:620

EmployeeID476 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 15
Hourly based employee salary:950

EmployeeID477 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 11
Hourly based employee salary:720

EmployeeID480 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 31
Hourly based employee salary:810

EmployeeID482 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 22
Hourly based employee salary:1160

EmployeeID483 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 6
Hourly based employee salary:560

EmployeeID488 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 7
Hourly based employee salary:710

EmployeeID491 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 13
Hourly based employee salary:890

EmployeeID492 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 30
Hourly based employee salary:1400

EmployeeID494 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 2
Hourly based employee salary:540

EmployeeID497 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 30
Hourly based employee salary:1400

EmployeeID498 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 22
Hourly based employee salary:940

EmployeeID499 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 36
Hourly based employee salary:1220

EmployeeID501 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 35
Hourly based employee salary:1200

EmployeeID502 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 1
Hourly based employee salary:510

EmployeeID503 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 26
Hourly based employee salary:1020

EmployeeID504 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 23
Hourly based employee salary:960

EmployeeID507 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 9
Hourly based employee salary:680

EmployeeID508 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 30
Hourly based employee salary:1400

EmployeeID509 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 12
Hourly based employee salary:620

EmployeeID513 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 0
Hourly based employee salary:500

EmployeeID515 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 35
Hourly based employee salary:850

EmployeeID516 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 38
Hourly based employee salary:880

EmployeeID521 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 8
Hourly based employee salary:580

EmployeeID523 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 2
Hourly based employee salary:560

EmployeeID525 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 33
Hourly based employee salary:1160

EmployeeID526 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 26
Hourly based employee salary:1020

EmployeeID529 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 22
Hourly based employee salary:1160

EmployeeID533 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 40
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID534 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 21
Hourly based employee salary:1130

EmployeeID535 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 32
Hourly based employee salary:1140

EmployeeID537 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 1
Hourly based employee salary:520

EmployeeID539 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 8
Hourly based employee salary:580

EmployeeID540 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 22
Hourly based employee salary:720

EmployeeID543 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 22
Hourly based employee salary:1160

EmployeeID547 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 34
Hourly based employee salary:840

EmployeeID548 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 11
Hourly based employee salary:610

EmployeeID552 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 13
Hourly based employee salary:760

EmployeeID553 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 0
Hourly based employee salary:500

EmployeeID555 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 32
Hourly based employee salary:1140

EmployeeID558 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 14
Hourly based employee salary:640

EmployeeID559 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 32
Hourly based employee salary:1460

EmployeeID561 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 25
Hourly based employee salary:750

EmployeeID563 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 27
Hourly based employee salary:1040

EmployeeID564 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 22
Hourly based employee salary:1160

EmployeeID565 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 33
Hourly based employee salary:1160

EmployeeID566 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 29
Hourly based employee salary:790

EmployeeID567 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 25
Hourly based employee salary:750

EmployeeID570 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 18
Hourly based employee salary:860

EmployeeID571 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 28
Hourly based employee salary:1060

EmployeeID572 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 14
Hourly based employee salary:640

EmployeeID576 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 29
Hourly based employee salary:1370

EmployeeID578 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 29
Hourly based employee salary:790

EmployeeID579 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 0
Hourly based employee salary:500

EmployeeID583 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 1
Hourly based employee salary:510

EmployeeID588 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 39
Hourly based employee salary:890

EmployeeID589 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 23
Hourly based employee salary:1190

EmployeeID590 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 34
Hourly based employee salary:840

EmployeeID591 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 4
Hourly based employee salary:620

EmployeeID592 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 0
Hourly based employee salary:500

EmployeeID594 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 26
Hourly based employee salary:1280

EmployeeID597 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 5
Hourly based employee salary:600

EmployeeID598 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 3
Hourly based employee salary:590

EmployeeID599 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 16
Hourly based employee salary:820

EmployeeID601 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 24
Hourly based employee salary:1220

EmployeeID602 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 2
Hourly based employee salary:540

EmployeeID604 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 16
Hourly based employee salary:980

EmployeeID608 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 30
Hourly based employee salary:800

EmployeeID610 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 11
Hourly based employee salary:720

EmployeeID612 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 33
Hourly based employee salary:1490

EmployeeID614 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 6
Hourly based employee salary:680

EmployeeID616 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 36
Hourly based employee salary:1580

EmployeeID618 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 32
Hourly based employee salary:1140

EmployeeID620 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 28
Hourly based employee salary:780

EmployeeID621 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 5
Hourly based employee salary:600

EmployeeID623 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 20
Hourly based employee salary:900

EmployeeID624 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 5
Hourly based employee salary:600

EmployeeID625 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 20
Hourly based employee salary:700

EmployeeID628 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 20
Hourly based employee salary:700

EmployeeID629 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 17
Hourly based employee salary:1010

EmployeeID631 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 20
Hourly based employee salary:1100

EmployeeID632 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 38
Hourly based employee salary:1640

EmployeeID633 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 33
Hourly based employee salary:1160

EmployeeID636 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 36
Hourly based employee salary:1220

EmployeeID638 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 17
Hourly based employee salary:670

EmployeeID639 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 26
Hourly based employee salary:1280

EmployeeID641 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 20
Hourly based employee salary:1100

EmployeeID642 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 23
Hourly based employee salary:730

EmployeeID644 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 13
Hourly based employee salary:760

EmployeeID645 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 20
Hourly based employee salary:700

EmployeeID647 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 2
Hourly based employee salary:560

EmployeeID648 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 38
Hourly based employee salary:880

EmployeeID655 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 33
Hourly based employee salary:1490

EmployeeID656 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 38
Hourly based employee salary:1260

EmployeeID658 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 36
Hourly based employee salary:1220

EmployeeID660 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 16
Hourly based employee salary:820

EmployeeID665 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 13
Hourly based employee salary:760

EmployeeID667 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 32
Hourly based employee salary:1460

EmployeeID669 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 30
Hourly based employee salary:1400

EmployeeID670 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 23
Hourly based employee salary:1190

EmployeeID671 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 22
Hourly based employee salary:720

EmployeeID672 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 23
Hourly based employee salary:730

EmployeeID676 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 30
Hourly based employee salary:1400

EmployeeID677 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 14
Hourly based employee salary:780

EmployeeID678 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 26
Hourly based employee salary:760

EmployeeID686 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 24
Hourly based employee salary:1220

EmployeeID689 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 13
Hourly based employee salary:760

EmployeeID691 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 1
Hourly based employee salary:530

EmployeeID692 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 9
Hourly based employee salary:590

EmployeeID693 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 40
Hourly based employee salary:1300

EmployeeID696 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 15
Hourly based employee salary:950

EmployeeID697 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 3
Hourly based employee salary:560

EmployeeID699 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 4
Hourly based employee salary:580

EmployeeID700 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 36
Hourly based employee salary:1220

EmployeeID708 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 22
Hourly based employee salary:720

EmployeeID709 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 21
Hourly based employee salary:1130

EmployeeID711 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 17
Hourly based employee salary:670

EmployeeID712 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 2
Hourly based employee salary:560

EmployeeID713 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 10
Hourly based employee salary:800

EmployeeID716 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 14
Hourly based employee salary:780

EmployeeID717 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 28
Hourly based employee salary:780

EmployeeID718 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 37
Hourly based employee salary:870

EmployeeID719 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 8
Hourly based employee salary:660

EmployeeID722 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 19
Hourly based employee salary:690

EmployeeID724 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 9
Hourly based employee salary:590

EmployeeID725 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 33
Hourly based employee salary:1490

EmployeeID727 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 28
Hourly based employee salary:1060

EmployeeID729 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 2
Hourly based employee salary:520

EmployeeID732 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 13
Hourly based employee salary:890

EmployeeID733 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 4
Hourly based employee salary:620

EmployeeID735 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 25
Hourly based employee salary:1250

EmployeeID737 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 37
Hourly based employee salary:1240

EmployeeID740 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 32
Hourly based employee salary:820

EmployeeID741 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 14
Hourly based employee salary:640

EmployeeID743 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 1
Hourly based employee salary:520

EmployeeID745 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 39
Hourly based employee salary:890

EmployeeID747 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 14
Hourly based employee salary:640

EmployeeID748 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 36
Hourly based employee salary:1580

EmployeeID753 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 39
Hourly based employee salary:1670

EmployeeID754 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 3
Hourly based employee salary:560

EmployeeID755 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 40
Hourly based employee salary:900

EmployeeID757 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 20
Hourly based employee salary:1100

EmployeeID758 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 32
Hourly based employee salary:820

EmployeeID760 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 20
Hourly based employee salary:900

EmployeeID762 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 33
Hourly based employee salary:830

EmployeeID763 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 23
Hourly based employee salary:960

EmployeeID764 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 5
Hourly based employee salary:650

EmployeeID768 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 17
Hourly based employee salary:670

EmployeeID769 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 7
Hourly based employee salary:570

EmployeeID771 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 4
Hourly based employee salary:540

EmployeeID772 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 34
Hourly based employee salary:1180

EmployeeID773 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 40
Hourly based employee salary:1300

EmployeeID774 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 22
Hourly based employee salary:720

EmployeeID775 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 0
Hourly based employee salary:500

EmployeeID778 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 28
Hourly based employee salary:1340

EmployeeID781 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 7
Hourly based employee salary:570

EmployeeID783 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 35
Hourly based employee salary:1550

EmployeeID784 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 26
Hourly based employee salary:1020

EmployeeID789 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 10
Hourly based employee salary:700

EmployeeID791 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 25
Hourly based employee salary:1250

EmployeeID798 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 40
Hourly based employee salary:900

EmployeeID802 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 9
Hourly based employee salary:680

EmployeeID803 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 19
Hourly based employee salary:880

EmployeeID805 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 4
Hourly based employee salary:540

EmployeeID806 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 32
Hourly based employee salary:1140

EmployeeID808 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 3
Hourly based employee salary:560

EmployeeID810 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 32
Hourly based employee salary:1140

EmployeeID812 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 31
Hourly based employee salary:1430

EmployeeID819 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 9
Hourly based employee salary:770

EmployeeID820 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 31
Hourly based employee salary:810

EmployeeID825 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 10
Hourly based employee salary:700

EmployeeID828 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 28
Hourly based employee salary:780

EmployeeID830 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 12
Hourly based employee salary:620

EmployeeID833 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 32
Hourly based employee salary:1460

EmployeeID834 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 0
Hourly based employee salary:500

EmployeeID837 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 36
Hourly based employee salary:860

EmployeeID844 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 22
Hourly based employee salary:940

EmployeeID845 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 37
Hourly based employee salary:1240

EmployeeID846 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 37
Hourly based employee salary:1240

EmployeeID847 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 26
Hourly based employee salary:1280

EmployeeID848 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 35
Hourly based employee salary:1200

EmployeeID852 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 39
Hourly based employee salary:1670

EmployeeID858 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 30
Hourly based employee salary:800

EmployeeID864 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 0
Hourly based employee salary:500

EmployeeID866 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 29
Hourly based employee salary:1370

EmployeeID867 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 7
Hourly based employee salary:640

EmployeeID871 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 13
Hourly based employee salary:760

EmployeeID873 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 31
Hourly based employee salary:1430

EmployeeID874 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 26
Hourly based employee salary:760

EmployeeID875 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 19
Hourly based employee salary:690

EmployeeID876 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 15
Hourly based employee salary:650

EmployeeID877 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 15
Hourly based employee salary:800

EmployeeID879 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 4
Hourly based employee salary:540

EmployeeID880 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 33
Hourly based employee salary:830

EmployeeID883 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 35
Hourly based employee salary:1550

EmployeeID885 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 1
Hourly based employee salary:520

EmployeeID889 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 29
Hourly based employee salary:790

EmployeeID894 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 28
Hourly based employee salary:1060

EmployeeID896 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 16
Hourly based employee salary:980

EmployeeID898 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 11
Hourly based employee salary:610

EmployeeID902 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 20
Hourly based employee salary:700

EmployeeID903 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 19
Hourly based employee salary:880

EmployeeID906 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 7
Hourly based employee salary:570

EmployeeID907 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 26
Hourly based employee salary:760

EmployeeID908 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 15
Hourly based employee salary:650

EmployeeID909 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 29
Hourly based employee salary:790

EmployeeID910 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 16
Hourly based employee salary:660

EmployeeID911 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 11
Hourly based employee salary:830

EmployeeID913 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 2
Hourly based employee salary:540

EmployeeID914 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 31
Hourly based employee salary:1120

EmployeeID917 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 40
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID920 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 16
Hourly based employee salary:980

EmployeeID921 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 11
Hourly based employee salary:720

EmployeeID923 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 7
Hourly based employee salary:710

EmployeeID925 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 12
Hourly based employee salary:740

EmployeeID930 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 36
Hourly based employee salary:1220

EmployeeID931 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 22
Hourly based employee salary:1160

EmployeeID932 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 26
Hourly based employee salary:760

EmployeeID934 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 6
Hourly based employee salary:560

EmployeeID935 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 21
Hourly based employee salary:710

EmployeeID936 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 39
Hourly based employee salary:890

EmployeeID938 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 20
Hourly based employee salary:700

EmployeeID940 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 16
Hourly based employee salary:660

EmployeeID942 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 13
Hourly based employee salary:760

EmployeeID945 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 23
Hourly based employee salary:960

EmployeeID946 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 4
Hourly based employee salary:580

EmployeeID949 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 6
Hourly based employee salary:560

EmployeeID952 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 22
Hourly based employee salary:940

EmployeeID953 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 20
Hourly based employee salary:700

EmployeeID955 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 12
Hourly based employee salary:620

EmployeeID960 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 15
Hourly based employee salary:650

EmployeeID961 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 39
Hourly based employee salary:890

EmployeeID962 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 3
Hourly based employee salary:560

EmployeeID964 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 11
Hourly based employee salary:610

EmployeeID966 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 3
Hourly based employee salary:590

EmployeeID967 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 21
Hourly based employee salary:1130

EmployeeID969 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 6
Hourly based employee salary:560

EmployeeID970 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 19
Hourly based employee salary:1070

EmployeeID971 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 40
Hourly based employee salary:900

EmployeeID972 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 31
Hourly based employee salary:1430

EmployeeID973 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 29
Hourly based employee salary:1080

EmployeeID977 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 15
Hourly based employee salary:950

EmployeeID978 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 4
Hourly based employee salary:580

EmployeeID981 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 36
Hourly based employee salary:860

EmployeeID984 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 19
Hourly based employee salary:880

EmployeeID988 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 5
Hourly based employee salary:600

EmployeeID991 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 26
Hourly based employee salary:1280

EmployeeID995 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 13
Hourly based employee salary:760

EmployeeID996 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 9
Hourly based employee salary:680

EmployeeID998 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 40
Hourly based employee salary:900

EmployeeID4 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID7 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID8 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID11 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID13 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID15 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 22

EmployeeID16 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 14

EmployeeID18 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID19 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID22 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID23 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID25 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID27 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID30 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID31 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID32 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID33 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID36 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID37 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID44 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID46 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID48 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID49 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 1

EmployeeID53 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID54 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID58 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID60 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID61 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID62 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID63 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID69 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID70 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID72 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID73 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID80 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID83 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID87 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID89 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID93 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID95 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID96 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID97 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID98 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID99 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID100 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID102 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID107 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID110 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID114 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID115 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID118 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 34

EmployeeID119 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID120 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID122 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID123 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID124 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID125 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID134 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID135 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID136 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID139 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID140 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID142 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID144 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID146 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID150 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID152 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID155 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID157 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID160 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID162 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID163 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID165 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID168 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID169 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID172 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID173 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID174 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 27

EmployeeID175 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID176 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID177 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID179 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID180 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID181 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID182 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 34

EmployeeID183 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID184 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 1

EmployeeID189 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID193 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID195 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID196 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID197 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID198 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID199 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID200 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID203 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID204 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID205 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID206 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID207 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID212 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID219 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID221 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID227 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 4

EmployeeID228 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID229 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID230 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID231 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID232 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID233 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID234 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 4

EmployeeID238 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID240 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID242 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID243 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID246 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID247 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID248 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID249 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID250 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID255 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID256 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID258 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID259 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID260 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID261 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID263 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID264 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID265 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID267 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 27

EmployeeID268 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID269 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 27

EmployeeID270 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID274 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID277 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID278 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID282 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 22

EmployeeID283 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID285 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 4

EmployeeID286 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID287 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID288 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID292 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID293 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID296 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID297 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID300 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID301 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID302 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID303 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID304 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID306 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID307 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID308 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID315 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID317 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID319 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID321 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID322 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID325 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID326 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID332 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID333 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID334 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID337 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID338 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID339 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID343 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID345 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID347 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID348 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID350 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 22

EmployeeID351 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID354 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 14

EmployeeID356 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID357 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID358 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID361 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID366 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 27

EmployeeID367 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID369 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 1

EmployeeID370 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 14

EmployeeID371 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 34

EmployeeID372 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID378 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID379 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID380 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID381 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID382 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 22

EmployeeID383 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID385 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID386 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID389 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID391 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID392 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID394 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID396 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 1

EmployeeID398 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID399 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID400 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 22

EmployeeID402 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 1

EmployeeID403 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID405 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 34

EmployeeID406 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID409 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID411 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID413 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID419 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID424 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID425 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID427 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID428 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID429 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID431 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID434 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID435 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID437 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID442 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID443 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID445 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID447 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID448 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID453 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID455 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID459 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID462 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID463 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID465 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID466 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID469 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID470 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 1

EmployeeID471 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 22

EmployeeID473 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID474 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID475 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID476 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 27

EmployeeID478 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID479 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID480 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID481 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 4

EmployeeID485 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID486 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 34

EmployeeID491 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 34

EmployeeID492 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 22

EmployeeID493 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID494 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID495 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID497 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID499 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID500 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID503 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID507 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID511 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID516 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 27

EmployeeID519 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID520 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID522 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID523 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 34

EmployeeID525 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID526 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID527 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID528 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID529 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID531 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 22

EmployeeID532 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID535 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID538 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID542 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID545 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID546 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 22

EmployeeID547 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID550 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID551 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID553 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID554 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID555 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID556 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID557 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID558 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID559 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID560 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID561 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID562 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID563 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID567 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 4

EmployeeID569 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID573 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID574 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID576 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID577 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID578 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID583 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID588 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID590 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID593 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID597 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID598 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID600 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID603 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID606 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID608 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID614 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID615 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID616 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID618 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID619 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID621 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID625 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID627 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID628 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID630 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID633 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID635 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID637 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID640 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID641 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID643 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID644 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID645 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID649 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 4

EmployeeID651 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID655 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID658 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID660 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID662 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID663 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 27

EmployeeID667 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID672 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID673 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID675 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID676 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID679 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID680 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID683 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID687 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID688 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID690 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID691 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID693 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID694 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID696 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID698 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID699 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID700 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID701 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID706 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID709 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID711 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID712 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID714 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 22

EmployeeID717 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID718 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 34

EmployeeID722 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID723 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID724 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 22

EmployeeID725 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID726 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 4

EmployeeID728 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID729 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID731 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID732 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID735 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID737 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 14

EmployeeID739 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID742 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID743 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID744 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID745 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID749 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID750 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID753 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID754 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID757 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID759 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID760 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID761 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID767 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID768 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID772 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID773 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID775 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID776 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID777 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID782 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID783 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID785 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 4

EmployeeID788 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID789 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID790 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID797 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID798 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID799 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID800 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 1

EmployeeID801 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID804 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID805 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID806 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID808 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID810 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID813 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID814 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID815 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID817 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID819 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID825 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID827 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID831 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID832 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID834 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID835 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID836 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID838 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID839 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID842 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID843 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID844 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID845 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID846 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID849 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID851 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID854 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID858 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID859 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID861 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID862 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID866 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 27

EmployeeID868 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID871 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID877 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID878 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID879 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID881 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 1

EmployeeID882 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID885 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID888 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID890 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID891 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID895 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID899 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID900 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID901 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID903 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID907 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID908 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID911 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 1

EmployeeID915 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID923 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 4

EmployeeID924 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 27

EmployeeID925 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID926 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID928 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 27

EmployeeID929 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID933 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID936 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID937 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID939 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID941 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID942 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID949 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID950 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID955 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID957 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID958 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID963 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID964 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 1

EmployeeID966 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID967 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 22

EmployeeID968 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID971 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID973 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID974 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID975 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID976 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID980 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID981 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID982 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID983 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 34

EmployeeID984 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID986 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID988 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID989 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 4

EmployeeID990 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID994 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID995 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID0 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID1 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID2 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 34

EmployeeID3 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID4 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID5 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID8 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID9 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID10 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID16 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID20 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID23 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID25 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 1

EmployeeID27 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID29 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID31 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID33 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID35 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID36 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 4

EmployeeID37 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID40 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID41 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID42 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID43 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID45 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID46 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID48 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID50 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID52 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID53 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID54 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID56 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID57 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID58 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID62 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID63 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID64 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID65 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID67 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID72 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID74 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID76 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID77 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID78 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 27

EmployeeID79 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID80 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID82 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID83 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID84 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID85 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 34

EmployeeID86 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 27

EmployeeID88 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID89 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID90 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID91 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID92 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID93 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID94 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID98 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID102 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID105 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID106 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID108 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID109 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID112 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID115 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID121 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 14

EmployeeID124 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID126 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID129 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 14

EmployeeID130 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 22

EmployeeID132 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID134 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID135 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID141 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID142 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID143 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID147 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID148 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID149 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID152 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID157 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID158 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID159 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID160 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID163 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 34

EmployeeID164 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID167 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID168 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID170 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID171 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID172 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID175 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID178 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 14

EmployeeID179 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID180 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID184 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID185 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID186 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID188 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID189 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID191 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID194 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID195 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID196 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID197 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID198 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID201 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID202 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID203 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID209 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID213 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID214 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID215 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID216 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID217 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 27

EmployeeID219 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID220 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID222 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID223 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID227 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID228 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID230 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID234 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID235 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID236 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 34

EmployeeID237 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID240 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID244 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID246 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 14

EmployeeID247 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID250 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID253 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 14

EmployeeID255 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID259 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID260 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID263 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID264 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID265 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID268 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID273 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 22

EmployeeID274 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID278 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID280 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 22

EmployeeID283 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID284 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID289 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 22

EmployeeID290 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID292 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID296 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID297 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID298 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID299 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID300 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID301 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID306 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID307 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID312 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID315 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID316 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID318 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID319 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID321 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID326 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID333 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID334 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID336 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID337 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID339 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID342 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID343 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 1

EmployeeID346 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID350 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID352 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID354 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID355 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID357 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID359 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID360 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID361 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID363 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID365 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID366 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID367 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID371 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID376 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 14

EmployeeID379 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 27

EmployeeID382 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID383 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID386 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID387 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID388 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID392 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID393 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID394 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID395 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID397 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID398 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID401 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 4

EmployeeID403 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID406 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID407 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID409 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID410 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID412 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID413 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 4

EmployeeID416 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID417 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID419 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID424 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID428 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID434 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID439 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID440 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID442 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID443 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID444 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 4

EmployeeID445 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID446 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID449 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID450 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID451 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID452 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID453 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID454 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 22

EmployeeID458 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID460 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID461 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID464 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID466 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID468 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID473 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID475 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID476 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID477 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID480 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID481 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID488 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID489 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID490 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID492 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID494 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID496 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID498 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID501 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID504 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID508 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID509 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID510 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID511 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID512 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID513 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID514 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID515 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID519 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID522 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID524 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID526 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID527 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID529 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID530 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID531 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID534 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID536 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 4

EmployeeID537 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 1

EmployeeID540 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 27

EmployeeID541 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID542 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID550 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID551 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID553 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID554 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID555 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID556 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID557 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID558 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID561 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID562 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 1

EmployeeID565 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID566 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID567 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID568 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID569 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID571 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID573 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID574 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID575 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID577 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 34

EmployeeID579 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID580 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID581 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID585 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID586 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 27

EmployeeID587 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID588 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID590 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID591 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID595 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID598 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID599 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID600 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID604 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID606 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID608 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 4

EmployeeID609 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID615 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID616 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID617 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID621 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID623 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID624 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID626 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID629 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID632 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID634 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID635 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID640 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID643 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID646 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID647 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID649 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 27

EmployeeID650 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID651 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID652 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 14

EmployeeID654 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID656 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 1

EmployeeID657 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID658 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID660 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID662 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID663 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID664 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID665 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID666 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID669 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID670 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID671 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID673 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID674 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 1

EmployeeID676 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID677 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID678 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID679 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID684 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID685 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID686 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 14

EmployeeID687 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID688 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID689 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID693 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID694 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID695 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID696 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 22

EmployeeID697 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID700 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID702 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID704 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID707 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 1

EmployeeID708 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID709 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID712 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID716 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID718 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID721 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID722 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID723 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID725 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID726 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID727 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID729 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID730 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID732 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID733 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID734 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID736 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID738 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID739 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID740 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID741 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID743 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID745 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID746 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID748 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID751 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID753 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 34

EmployeeID754 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID755 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID756 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 14

EmployeeID758 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID760 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 22

EmployeeID767 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID769 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID773 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 4

EmployeeID774 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID777 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID779 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID780 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID781 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID782 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 27

EmployeeID786 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID791 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID797 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID801 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID802 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID803 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID804 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID809 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID812 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID813 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID815 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID818 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID819 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID827 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 4

EmployeeID830 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID831 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID833 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID834 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID835 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID837 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID839 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID841 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID842 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID845 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID847 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID849 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID851 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 34

EmployeeID858 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID862 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID863 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID864 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID866 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID868 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID869 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 4

EmployeeID870 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID871 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID872 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID873 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 34

EmployeeID875 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID876 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID879 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 1

EmployeeID880 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID881 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID883 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID886 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID889 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID891 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID895 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID896 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID897 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID898 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 22

EmployeeID899 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 27

EmployeeID901 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID902 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID905 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID906 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID907 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID908 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID911 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 1

EmployeeID913 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID915 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID916 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID917 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID918 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID925 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID927 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID929 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID931 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 1

EmployeeID935 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID937 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID938 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID939 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID942 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID949 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID950 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID955 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID957 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 22

EmployeeID958 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID960 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID963 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID964 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID965 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 34

EmployeeID968 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID969 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID970 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID974 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID976 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID981 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID983 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 27

EmployeeID984 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID985 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID986 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID989 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID991 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID993 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 1

EmployeeID997 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID998 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID999 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID2 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID3 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 22

EmployeeID6 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID7 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID10 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID11 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID14 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID15 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID17 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID18 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID19 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID21 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID22 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID23 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID26 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID27 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 4

EmployeeID31 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID33 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID35 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID43 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID45 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID49 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID50 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID52 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID53 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID54 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID56 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID57 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID58 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID62 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID65 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID67 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID69 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 22

EmployeeID71 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID72 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID73 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID74 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID76 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID77 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID79 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID81 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID82 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID84 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID85 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID90 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID92 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID94 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID98 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID99 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID100 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID101 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID103 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 14

EmployeeID107 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID109 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID110 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID113 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID116 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID118 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID120 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID121 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID123 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID128 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID129 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID130 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 1

EmployeeID132 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID133 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID134 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID135 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID143 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID145 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID146 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID147 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID148 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 27

EmployeeID151 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID152 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID153 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID156 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID161 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID163 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID166 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID167 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID169 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID171 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 1

EmployeeID172 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID173 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID174 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID175 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID177 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID181 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID183 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID184 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 34

EmployeeID185 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID188 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID189 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID191 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 34

EmployeeID192 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 1

EmployeeID193 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID194 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID196 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID197 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID202 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID204 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID205 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID206 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 4

EmployeeID210 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 4

EmployeeID211 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID212 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID221 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID222 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID223 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID226 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID227 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID228 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID231 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID232 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID233 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID235 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 34

EmployeeID236 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID237 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID238 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID239 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID240 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID243 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 22

EmployeeID247 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID250 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 34

EmployeeID251 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 14

EmployeeID253 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID254 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID256 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID257 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID258 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 1

EmployeeID260 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID265 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID266 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID268 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 34

EmployeeID269 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID270 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID271 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID275 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID277 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID278 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID279 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID280 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID281 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID282 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID286 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID291 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID292 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID293 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID295 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID297 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID298 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 27

EmployeeID299 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID300 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID301 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID303 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID305 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID306 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID308 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID312 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID313 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID315 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID316 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID317 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID318 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID326 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID327 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID329 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID331 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID333 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID335 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID337 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID340 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID342 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID345 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID346 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID347 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID348 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID351 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 34

EmployeeID353 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID354 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 4

EmployeeID355 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 34

EmployeeID356 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 27

EmployeeID359 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID360 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID361 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID362 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 27

EmployeeID363 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID365 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID366 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID368 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID373 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 1

EmployeeID375 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID376 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID378 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID386 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID387 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 34

EmployeeID388 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID389 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID392 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID393 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 34

EmployeeID397 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 4

EmployeeID398 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID399 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID401 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID402 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID403 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 1

EmployeeID404 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID406 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID407 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID409 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID410 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID412 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID413 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID417 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID418 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID420 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID422 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID423 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID426 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID428 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID430 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID435 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID437 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID438 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID442 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID444 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID447 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID448 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID451 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID452 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 27

EmployeeID453 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID454 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID456 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID458 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID460 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID463 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID464 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID465 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID466 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID467 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID468 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID470 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID471 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID472 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID475 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 14

EmployeeID476 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID479 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID481 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID482 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID483 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID485 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID487 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 1

EmployeeID490 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 22

EmployeeID492 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID493 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 14

EmployeeID496 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 22

EmployeeID501 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID502 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID503 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID505 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID509 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID511 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID512 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 1

EmployeeID513 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID514 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID515 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 1

EmployeeID516 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 4

EmployeeID523 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID529 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID532 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID535 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID538 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID542 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID543 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID547 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID548 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID552 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID553 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID554 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID556 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID557 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID560 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 4

EmployeeID561 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID564 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID565 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID566 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 4

EmployeeID568 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID571 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID572 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID573 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID579 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID580 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID583 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID587 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID588 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID589 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID590 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID598 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID600 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID604 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID605 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 1

EmployeeID607 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID609 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID611 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID612 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID613 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID616 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID619 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID620 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID624 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID627 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 22

EmployeeID629 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID632 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID633 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID635 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID641 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID645 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 1

EmployeeID646 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID648 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID650 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 14

EmployeeID651 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID654 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID657 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 22

EmployeeID658 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 27

EmployeeID659 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID661 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID662 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID665 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID666 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID667 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID668 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID670 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID671 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID672 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID673 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID674 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID675 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID677 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID680 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 4

EmployeeID686 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID689 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID692 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID695 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID696 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID699 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID702 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 22

EmployeeID704 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID709 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID710 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID711 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID712 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID714 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID715 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID718 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID721 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID727 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID728 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID731 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 4

EmployeeID732 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID736 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID737 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID738 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID739 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID742 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID745 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID747 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID749 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID753 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 27

EmployeeID759 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID762 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID763 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID766 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID767 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 34

EmployeeID768 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID769 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID771 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID772 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID773 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 14

EmployeeID774 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID775 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID779 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID780 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID781 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 1

EmployeeID785 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID787 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID788 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID790 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 34

EmployeeID793 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 22

EmployeeID798 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID799 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID802 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID805 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID807 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID808 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID809 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID812 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID814 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID820 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID821 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID822 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID823 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID828 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID829 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID830 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID835 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID838 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID839 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID841 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID843 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID844 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID845 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID849 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID850 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID851 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID852 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID853 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID855 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID856 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID857 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID860 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID861 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID867 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID868 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID870 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID871 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID874 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID876 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID878 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID879 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 27

EmployeeID881 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID882 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID883 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID884 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID885 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID887 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID889 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID890 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID891 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID892 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID897 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID900 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID901 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID902 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID903 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID904 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID906 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID908 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID909 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID911 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID913 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID920 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 14

EmployeeID921 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID922 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID926 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 4

EmployeeID928 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 34

EmployeeID929 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 22

EmployeeID930 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID933 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID936 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID939 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID940 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID941 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID942 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID948 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID958 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID959 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID960 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID962 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID963 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID966 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 27

EmployeeID967 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID969 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID970 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID971 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID973 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID974 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID975 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID976 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID977 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 14

EmployeeID980 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 1

EmployeeID981 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID983 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID987 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID993 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID994 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID995 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID996 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID997 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID0 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID2 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID3 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID4 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID6 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID7 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID8 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID10 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID12 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID14 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 4

EmployeeID19 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID21 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID23 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID25 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID26 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID29 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID35 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 4

EmployeeID36 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID37 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID39 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID41 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 27

EmployeeID42 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID43 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID46 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID47 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID48 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID50 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID52 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID55 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID56 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID58 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID60 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID61 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID64 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID67 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID68 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID70 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID71 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 1

EmployeeID72 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID76 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID77 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID78 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID83 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID85 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID89 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID90 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID94 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID95 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID98 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID99 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 1

EmployeeID100 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID101 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID102 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID104 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID105 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID106 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID108 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID109 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID114 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID117 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID122 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID125 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID126 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 22

EmployeeID129 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID130 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID132 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID135 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID139 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID141 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID142 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID144 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID147 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID148 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID151 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID154 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID155 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID156 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID157 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 22

EmployeeID158 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID160 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID167 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID168 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID169 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID171 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID173 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID177 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID178 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID183 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 4

EmployeeID191 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID192 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID197 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID199 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID201 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID203 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID205 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID206 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID207 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID208 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID209 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID210 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID213 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID218 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID219 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 4

EmployeeID220 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID222 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID224 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID226 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID228 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID229 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID233 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID234 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID237 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 27

EmployeeID241 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 22

EmployeeID243 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID244 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID245 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID246 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID249 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID250 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID251 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID252 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID253 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID254 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID259 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID260 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID267 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID268 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID269 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID270 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 22

EmployeeID272 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 14

EmployeeID273 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID274 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID275 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID276 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID277 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID278 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID279 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 27

EmployeeID282 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID284 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID285 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID286 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 34

EmployeeID287 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 4

EmployeeID289 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID292 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID298 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID300 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID301 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 4

EmployeeID302 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID305 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID306 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID308 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 22

EmployeeID309 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID314 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID317 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID319 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID320 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 27

EmployeeID321 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID324 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 34

EmployeeID327 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID329 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID333 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 34

EmployeeID336 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID337 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID343 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID344 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID346 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID348 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID350 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID351 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID354 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID355 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 14

EmployeeID359 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID360 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID361 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID362 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID365 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID367 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID368 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID370 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID371 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID372 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID374 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID377 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID378 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID380 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID382 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID384 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID385 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID386 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID387 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID388 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID389 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID390 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID391 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 4

EmployeeID392 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID394 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID396 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID397 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID404 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID405 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID406 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 1

EmployeeID408 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID410 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 14

EmployeeID411 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 4

EmployeeID414 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID415 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID420 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID421 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID423 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID424 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID425 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID431 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID432 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID434 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID436 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID437 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID439 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID441 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 4

EmployeeID443 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID446 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 22

EmployeeID448 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID449 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID451 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID452 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID454 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID455 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID456 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID457 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID458 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID462 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID463 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 22

EmployeeID464 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID465 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID467 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID468 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID469 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID471 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 34

EmployeeID474 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID476 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID477 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID479 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID480 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID482 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID483 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID484 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID485 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 4

EmployeeID486 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID487 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID488 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID489 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID492 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID493 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID496 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID497 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID498 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID499 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID500 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID501 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 34

EmployeeID503 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID504 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID508 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 22

EmployeeID509 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 4

EmployeeID511 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID513 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID514 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID515 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID516 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID517 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID522 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID523 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID524 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID526 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID527 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID530 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID531 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID532 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID534 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID539 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID540 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID542 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID546 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID548 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID549 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID551 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID554 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 34

EmployeeID555 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID560 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID562 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID565 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID566 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID569 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID571 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID572 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID574 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 14

EmployeeID575 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID578 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID580 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID581 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID582 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 27

EmployeeID583 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID586 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID588 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID589 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID591 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID594 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID595 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID596 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID597 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 4

EmployeeID599 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID600 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID601 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID602 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID603 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID605 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID610 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID612 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID613 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID617 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID620 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID621 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID623 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 27

EmployeeID626 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID627 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID628 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID629 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID632 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID635 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID639 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID640 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID643 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID644 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID645 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID649 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID650 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID656 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID657 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 14

EmployeeID658 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID660 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID661 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID662 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID663 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 27

EmployeeID664 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 34

EmployeeID674 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID676 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID677 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 34

EmployeeID679 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID680 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID681 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID682 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID684 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID685 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID686 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 14

EmployeeID687 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID688 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID689 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID690 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID691 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 1

EmployeeID693 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID696 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 22

EmployeeID698 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID700 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID703 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 27

EmployeeID705 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID706 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID707 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID710 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 27

EmployeeID717 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID719 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID720 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID723 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID724 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID725 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID729 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID730 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID732 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID733 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID734 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID736 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID739 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 22

EmployeeID740 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID742 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID743 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID747 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID748 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID749 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID750 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID751 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID755 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID756 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID757 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID760 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID762 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID763 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID764 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID767 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID768 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID769 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID770 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID771 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID772 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID774 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID782 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID783 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID785 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID786 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID791 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID794 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID796 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID799 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID801 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID803 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID804 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID805 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID806 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 4

EmployeeID813 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID814 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 34

EmployeeID821 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID825 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID828 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 27

EmployeeID831 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID832 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID833 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID835 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID836 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 27

EmployeeID837 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID838 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID840 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID843 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID846 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID847 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID848 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID850 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID852 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID853 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID854 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 27

EmployeeID862 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID864 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID868 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID869 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID870 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID878 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID879 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID881 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID884 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID885 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID889 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID890 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID891 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID894 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID896 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 14

EmployeeID897 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID898 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID899 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID900 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID902 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID903 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID907 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID909 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID910 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID911 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID912 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID913 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID915 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID917 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID919 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID922 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID924 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 14

EmployeeID926 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID928 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 14

EmployeeID930 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID931 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID935 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID936 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID937 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID938 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 27

EmployeeID939 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID940 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID941 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID942 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID946 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID948 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID954 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 4

EmployeeID956 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID957 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID958 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID961 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID963 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID964 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID966 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID967 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID969 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID970 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID972 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID973 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID980 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID983 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID986 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID989 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID991 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID993 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID996 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID999 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID1 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID4 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID5 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID7 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID9 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID13 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID14 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID17 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID18 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 22

EmployeeID21 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID25 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID32 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID38 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID39 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID43 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID45 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID47 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID48 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID49 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID50 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID52 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID53 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID54 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID55 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID57 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID61 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID62 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 1

EmployeeID63 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 4

EmployeeID69 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID70 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID71 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID72 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID75 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID77 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID78 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID81 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID83 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID85 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 22

EmployeeID87 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 1

EmployeeID90 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID91 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID94 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID95 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID97 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID98 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 14

EmployeeID99 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID101 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 4

EmployeeID102 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID105 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID107 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID109 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID112 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID113 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID114 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID120 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID124 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID126 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID128 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID130 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID131 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID132 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 1

EmployeeID133 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 14

EmployeeID134 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID135 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID138 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 22

EmployeeID140 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID142 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID143 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID145 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID149 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 4

EmployeeID150 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID152 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID155 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID157 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID162 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID163 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 1

EmployeeID164 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID166 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID168 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID169 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID170 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID171 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID174 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID175 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID176 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID177 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID178 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID183 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID186 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID189 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID192 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 34

EmployeeID193 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID194 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 22

EmployeeID196 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID198 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID205 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID211 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID212 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID213 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID216 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID218 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID219 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID221 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID222 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID223 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 1

EmployeeID225 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 14

EmployeeID226 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID227 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID228 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID230 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID233 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID238 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID240 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 14

EmployeeID242 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID245 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID246 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID251 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 22

EmployeeID256 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 4

EmployeeID263 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID264 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID265 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID267 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID269 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID270 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID272 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 22

EmployeeID274 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID276 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID277 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID278 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID279 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID280 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID281 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID283 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 22

EmployeeID286 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID288 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID293 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID294 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID295 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID298 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID299 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 4

EmployeeID303 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID304 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID305 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID307 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID309 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID312 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID313 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID314 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID316 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID317 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID320 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID325 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID328 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID329 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID332 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID333 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID335 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID337 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID338 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID339 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID341 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID342 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 4

EmployeeID343 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID345 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID346 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID347 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID348 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID349 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID352 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID354 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID355 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID357 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 14

EmployeeID358 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID359 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID360 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID361 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID362 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID364 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID366 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID367 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID372 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID375 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 4

EmployeeID376 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID377 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 1

EmployeeID378 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID379 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID380 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID384 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID386 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID387 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID391 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID392 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID394 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID395 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID396 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID397 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID398 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID400 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID403 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID405 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID407 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID408 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID409 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID411 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID413 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID414 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID416 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 34

EmployeeID420 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID424 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID425 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID430 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 27

EmployeeID431 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 34

EmployeeID434 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID436 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID437 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID438 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID440 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 14

EmployeeID441 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID443 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID445 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 34

EmployeeID446 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID448 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID450 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID451 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID452 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID455 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID456 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 14

EmployeeID463 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID464 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID466 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID467 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 22

EmployeeID470 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID474 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID475 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID476 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID477 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID481 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID482 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID487 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID488 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID490 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID491 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID493 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID496 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 1

EmployeeID498 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID499 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID501 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID502 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID504 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID505 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID506 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID507 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID509 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID511 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID512 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID513 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID515 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID516 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID517 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 14

EmployeeID518 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID522 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID523 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID526 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID527 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID530 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID531 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID533 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID534 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID535 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID536 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID538 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID539 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID540 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID541 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID545 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID549 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID550 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID552 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID560 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID562 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID564 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID568 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID569 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 1

EmployeeID573 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID575 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID577 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID578 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID583 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID584 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID585 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID589 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID591 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID593 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID594 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID598 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID603 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID604 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID605 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID606 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID614 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID615 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID620 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 27

EmployeeID621 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID623 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID624 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID627 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 22

EmployeeID629 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID631 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID632 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID634 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID635 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID637 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID638 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID640 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID641 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID656 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID662 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID663 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID669 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID670 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID671 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID672 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID673 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 27

EmployeeID674 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 14

EmployeeID676 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID679 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID683 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID684 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID687 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID688 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID689 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID693 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID694 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID695 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID696 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID699 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 14

EmployeeID700 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID701 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID702 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID705 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID707 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID709 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID710 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID711 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID712 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID713 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID715 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID716 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID717 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID719 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 27

EmployeeID720 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID722 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID723 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 34

EmployeeID725 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 27

EmployeeID726 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID727 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 4

EmployeeID730 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID733 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID735 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID737 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID738 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID739 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID740 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 1

EmployeeID741 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID742 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID745 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID746 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID748 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID750 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID753 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID755 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 22

EmployeeID757 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID758 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID759 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID760 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID761 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID763 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID766 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID767 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID771 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID773 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID778 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID779 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 1

EmployeeID780 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID781 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID783 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID785 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID786 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID788 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID789 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID790 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID791 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID793 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID796 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID797 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID798 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID800 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID803 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID804 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID805 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID806 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 4

EmployeeID807 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 14

EmployeeID809 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID812 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID813 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID816 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 34

EmployeeID817 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID818 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 14

EmployeeID821 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID822 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 1

EmployeeID825 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID828 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID830 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID832 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID833 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID835 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID836 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID838 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID839 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID841 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID843 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID845 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID846 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID848 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID851 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID854 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID856 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID857 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID860 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID862 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID863 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID866 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID870 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 1

EmployeeID871 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID873 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID879 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID880 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID882 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID883 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 34

EmployeeID885 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID887 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID888 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID890 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID891 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID892 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID894 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID896 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID898 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 14

EmployeeID899 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID900 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID901 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID903 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 22

EmployeeID904 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID905 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID907 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID909 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID910 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID912 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID913 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID915 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID918 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID921 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID922 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID925 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID927 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID928 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID930 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID931 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID932 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID937 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID940 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID942 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID944 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID950 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 27

EmployeeID951 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID952 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID953 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID954 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID955 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID956 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID957 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 4

EmployeeID958 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID960 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID961 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID963 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID964 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID965 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID966 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID967 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID970 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 22

EmployeeID971 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID973 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID975 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID976 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID979 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID981 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID984 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 1

EmployeeID985 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID986 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID987 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID989 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID990 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID1 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID5 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID6 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID7 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 14

EmployeeID8 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID9 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID10 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 27

EmployeeID11 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID12 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID14 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID16 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID17 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID18 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID20 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 27

EmployeeID22 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID23 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID25 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 34

EmployeeID26 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID27 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID28 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID31 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID34 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID35 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID37 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID39 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID41 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID42 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 1

EmployeeID43 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID44 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID45 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID46 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID47 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID48 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID49 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID50 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 27

EmployeeID58 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID59 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID61 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID62 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID66 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID67 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID72 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID77 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID80 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID81 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID82 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID86 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID87 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID89 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID90 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID92 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID94 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID95 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID100 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID101 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 34

EmployeeID102 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID105 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID109 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID111 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID112 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID117 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID118 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID120 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID122 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 27

EmployeeID126 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID127 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID128 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID130 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID133 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID134 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 27

EmployeeID135 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID137 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID139 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID140 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 27

EmployeeID141 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID142 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID145 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID148 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID153 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID159 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 14

EmployeeID160 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID161 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID162 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID166 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID169 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID173 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID177 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID179 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID184 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID189 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID190 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 34

EmployeeID191 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID192 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID194 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID195 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID199 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID200 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID202 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID204 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID207 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID208 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID213 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID215 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID217 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 1

EmployeeID220 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID221 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID225 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID226 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID229 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID232 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID234 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID236 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID237 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID239 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 4

EmployeeID241 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID242 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID243 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID245 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID247 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID248 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID251 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 34

EmployeeID252 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID254 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID255 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID256 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID260 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID261 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 1

EmployeeID264 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID265 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID266 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID269 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID272 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID273 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID278 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID279 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID281 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID283 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID284 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID286 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID287 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID288 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID289 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 22

EmployeeID290 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID293 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID294 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID298 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 1

EmployeeID299 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID300 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID301 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID302 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID304 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID307 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID311 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID312 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID313 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID318 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID321 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID323 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID324 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID325 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID326 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID328 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID330 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID332 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID333 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID334 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID336 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID339 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID340 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID341 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID344 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID345 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 27

EmployeeID346 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID352 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID356 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 22

EmployeeID360 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 34

EmployeeID364 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID369 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID370 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 14

EmployeeID371 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID373 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 27

EmployeeID378 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID380 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID384 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID385 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID386 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID389 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID390 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID392 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID393 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID394 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID396 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID398 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID401 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID403 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID406 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID407 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID408 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID409 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID411 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID413 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID414 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID418 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 27

EmployeeID419 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID425 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID428 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID429 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID430 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID433 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID434 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID436 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID438 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID442 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID443 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID444 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID447 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID448 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID449 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID450 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID453 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID457 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID458 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID459 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID461 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID464 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID465 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 34

EmployeeID466 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID468 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID470 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID471 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID474 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID475 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID476 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID477 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID478 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID479 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID480 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID484 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID485 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 1

EmployeeID488 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID489 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID490 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID493 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID495 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID498 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 34

EmployeeID499 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID501 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID504 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID505 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID509 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 14

EmployeeID510 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID513 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 34

EmployeeID516 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID517 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID519 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID520 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 22

EmployeeID523 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID526 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID527 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID529 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID530 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID531 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 34

EmployeeID533 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID535 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID536 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID538 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 14

EmployeeID539 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 34

EmployeeID540 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID543 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 14

EmployeeID544 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 34

EmployeeID546 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID551 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID553 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID555 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID556 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID557 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID560 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID561 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID567 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID569 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID570 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID571 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID572 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID573 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID575 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID579 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 4

EmployeeID580 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID583 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID585 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 22

EmployeeID587 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID588 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID589 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID590 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID591 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 1

EmployeeID592 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID594 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID595 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID596 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID598 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID610 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID611 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID614 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID619 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID621 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID622 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID623 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID625 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID627 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID628 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID629 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID631 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID635 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID636 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID640 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID641 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 27

EmployeeID643 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID645 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID650 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID652 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID653 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID659 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID660 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID665 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID670 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID673 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID675 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID678 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID679 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 4

EmployeeID680 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID681 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID683 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID685 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 34

EmployeeID686 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID692 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID694 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID695 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID696 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID697 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID698 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID699 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID700 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID701 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 36

EmployeeID702 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID709 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID720 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 14

EmployeeID721 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID722 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID724 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID725 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID726 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID730 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID731 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID736 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID737 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID738 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID740 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID742 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID744 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID749 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID755 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID756 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID758 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID759 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 34

EmployeeID764 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 34

EmployeeID765 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID767 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID770 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID771 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 14

EmployeeID774 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID775 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID776 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID778 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID781 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID782 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID784 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 37

EmployeeID785 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID786 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID787 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID788 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID794 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 14

EmployeeID798 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID800 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID801 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 14

EmployeeID802 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 4

EmployeeID803 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID804 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID806 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID811 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 14

EmployeeID812 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID813 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID816 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 22

EmployeeID819 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID820 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID822 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID823 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID825 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 30

EmployeeID828 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID830 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID831 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID834 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID836 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID837 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID838 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID839 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID841 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID843 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 22

EmployeeID845 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID846 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID847 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID848 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 19

EmployeeID849 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 27

EmployeeID850 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 29

EmployeeID853 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 39

EmployeeID856 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID857 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID858 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID859 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID866 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID867 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 22

EmployeeID868 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID872 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID873 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID877 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 2

EmployeeID878 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 6

EmployeeID879 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 7

EmployeeID880 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID882 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID883 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID888 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 12

EmployeeID889 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID890 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID891 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID893 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID895 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID896 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 4

EmployeeID899 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID900 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID901 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 28

EmployeeID906 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID909 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 1

EmployeeID910 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID911 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID915 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 10

EmployeeID916 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID917 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 4

EmployeeID919 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 3

EmployeeID920 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID921 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID922 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID923 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 17

EmployeeID924 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID926 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 27

EmployeeID927 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID929 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID930 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID931 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID933 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 18

EmployeeID934 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 14

EmployeeID935 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID936 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 11

EmployeeID938 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 31

EmployeeID947 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 9

EmployeeID952 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 15

EmployeeID953 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 26

EmployeeID957 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID958 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 35

EmployeeID960 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 25

EmployeeID961 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 33

EmployeeID962 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 8

EmployeeID964 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 38

EmployeeID971 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 0

EmployeeID975 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 14

EmployeeID976 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 21

EmployeeID978 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID979 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 23

EmployeeID980 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 16

EmployeeID986 hour based employee
academic experience morethanTenYears
hours worked: 40

EmployeeID988 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 13

EmployeeID989 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 32

EmployeeID990 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 20

EmployeeID991 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 5

EmployeeID993 hour based employee
academic experience FiveToTenYears
hours worked: 24

EmployeeID994 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 14

EmployeeID998 hour based employee
academic experience uptoFiveYears
hours worked: 0
