
EmployeeID 99999 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 4 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 6 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 8 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 9 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 12 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 13 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 14 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 16 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 19 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 20 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 22 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 23 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 25 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 26 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 27 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 28 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 29 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 30 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 31 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 33 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 35 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 36 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 39 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 40 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 48 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 49 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 52 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 58 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 59 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 60 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 62 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 65 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 66 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 67 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 68 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 69 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 71 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 72 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 73 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 74 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 75 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 79 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 80 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 82 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 84 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 86 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 88 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 90 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 93 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 94 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 99 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 101 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 102 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 105 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 109 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 112 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 113 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 114 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 115 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 121 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 124 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 125 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 127 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 128 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 129 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 130 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 134 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 135 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 138 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 140 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 141 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 142 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 144 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 146 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 147 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 148 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 149 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 150 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 151 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 152 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 155 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 164 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 165 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 167 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 169 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 170 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 173 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 177 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 178 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 180 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 184 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 185 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 188 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 190 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 195 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 196 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 198 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 200 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 211 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 212 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 214 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 215 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 219 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 223 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 224 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 227 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 229 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 232 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 236 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 238 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 239 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 241 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 243 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 245 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 246 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 247 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 248 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 252 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 253 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 255 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 257 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 258 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 260 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 261 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 263 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 264 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 265 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 267 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 269 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 270 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 272 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 274 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 276 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 279 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 280 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 283 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 286 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 288 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 294 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 297 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 298 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 300 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 302 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 303 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 306 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 307 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 310 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 311 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 313 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 317 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 318 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 319 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 323 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 326 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 328 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 330 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 331 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 332 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 338 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 339 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 340 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 341 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 342 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 345 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 346 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 347 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 348 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 351 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 354 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 356 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 357 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 359 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 360 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 361 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 362 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 363 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 364 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 365 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 366 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 367 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 368 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 373 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 374 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 375 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 376 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 377 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 378 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 379 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 380 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 381 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 382 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 383 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 384 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 386 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 388 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 394 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 397 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 398 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 400 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 402 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 403 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 404 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 406 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 410 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 411 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 414 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 416 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 417 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 418 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 424 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 427 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 428 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 430 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 433 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 434 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 436 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 438 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 444 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 445 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 446 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 447 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 455 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 458 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 460 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 463 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 467 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 469 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 470 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 471 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 473 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 475 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 477 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 478 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 479 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 484 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 486 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 487 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 488 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 489 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 491 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 493 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 494 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 495 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 498 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 499 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 500 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 501 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 502 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 503 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 504 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 507 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 512 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 514 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 515 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 517 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 519 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 520 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 521 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 523 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 524 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 527 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 528 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 530 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 531 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 533 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 536 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 541 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 546 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 550 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 553 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 556 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 557 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 558 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 559 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 570 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 571 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 572 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 573 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 574 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 575 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 582 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 584 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 585 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 586 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 588 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 589 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 592 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 593 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 596 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 597 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 598 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 601 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 603 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 604 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 605 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 606 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 607 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 608 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 609 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 610 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 611 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 612 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 613 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 615 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 616 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 618 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 619 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 621 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 622 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 623 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 625 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 626 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 627 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 630 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 631 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 635 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 636 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 639 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 640 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 642 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 644 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 645 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 646 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 650 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 652 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 653 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 654 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 655 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 659 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 664 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 666 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 668 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 675 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 676 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 677 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 680 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 682 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 683 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 685 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 686 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 687 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 688 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 690 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 692 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 694 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 695 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 698 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 699 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 702 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 703 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 704 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 706 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 707 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 709 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 710 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 714 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 715 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 717 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 725 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 726 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 728 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 729 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 730 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 732 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 735 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 738 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 739 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 741 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 742 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 743 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 747 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 748 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 749 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 753 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 755 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 756 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 758 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 761 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 762 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 764 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 765 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 767 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 769 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 770 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 772 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 777 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 779 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 780 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 782 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 783 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 787 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 790 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 792 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 793 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 794 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 797 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 799 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 801 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 803 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 804 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 807 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 808 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 809 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 816 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 817 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 818 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 819 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 820 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 821 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 823 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 826 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 832 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 833 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 835 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 836 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 837 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 838 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 839 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 841 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 842 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 844 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 847 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 850 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 854 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 857 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 859 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 861 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 862 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 863 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 864 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 867 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 868 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 869 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 871 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 874 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 876 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 880 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 881 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 882 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 884 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 885 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 886 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 887 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 888 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 889 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 891 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 892 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 894 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 896 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 899 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 901 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 904 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 905 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 906 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 907 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 908 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 914 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 915 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 916 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 918 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 919 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 921 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 923 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 928 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 929 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 930 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 931 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 932 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 935 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 936 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 937 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 938 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 939 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 940 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 942 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 946 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 948 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 949 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 950 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 953 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 954 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 959 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 960 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 961 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 963 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 964 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 965 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 967 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 968 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 972 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 973 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 975 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 976 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 980 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 982 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 984 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 988 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 990 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 991 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 993 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 999 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 1 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 3 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 7 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 11 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 14 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 15 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 17 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 18 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 21 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 22 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 24 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 25 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 26 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 28 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 29 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 31 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 33 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 35 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 36 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 38 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 40 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 42 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 43 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 44 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 45 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 46 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 49 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 59 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 61 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 63 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 65 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 68 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 69 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 72 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 73 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 74 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 75 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 77 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 80 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 81 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 82 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 83 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 86 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 92 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 93 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 95 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 98 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 100 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 101 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 102 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 103 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 106 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 108 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 110 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 115 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 116 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 118 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 119 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 121 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 122 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 126 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 128 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 129 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 132 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 133 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 137 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 138 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 139 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 140 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 142 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 145 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 146 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 148 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 152 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 155 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 156 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 157 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 158 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 160 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 161 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 163 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 165 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 166 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 167 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 168 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 169 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 172 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 173 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 174 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 179 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 181 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 184 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 190 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 191 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 192 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 193 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 195 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 196 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 197 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 198 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 199 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 201 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 202 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 204 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 206 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 208 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 211 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 212 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 213 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 214 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 216 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 218 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 219 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 222 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 223 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 224 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 225 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 226 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 227 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 228 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 229 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 230 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 231 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 232 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 235 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 238 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 239 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 241 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 243 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 246 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 247 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 250 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 253 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 254 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 255 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 257 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 258 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 259 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 263 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 264 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 266 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 267 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 271 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 272 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 273 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 275 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 277 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 279 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 280 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 282 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 283 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 285 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 286 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 287 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 288 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 289 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 290 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 292 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 293 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 301 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 302 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 305 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 306 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 308 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 309 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 311 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 313 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 314 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 315 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 316 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 319 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 320 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 321 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 323 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 324 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 326 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 330 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 331 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 332 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 335 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 336 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 337 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 340 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 343 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 345 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 347 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 348 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 353 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 355 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 356 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 358 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 361 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 362 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 363 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 364 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 367 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 368 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 370 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 372 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 373 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 377 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 379 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 380 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 383 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 384 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 385 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 386 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 387 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 388 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 389 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 392 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 393 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 400 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 401 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 404 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 405 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 406 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 410 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 412 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 415 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 417 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 420 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 421 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 422 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 424 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 426 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 431 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 432 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 433 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 435 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 436 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 438 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 440 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 441 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 443 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 444 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 445 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 446 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 450 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 451 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 452 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 453 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 454 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 456 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 457 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 458 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 460 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 461 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 462 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 464 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 465 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 467 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 468 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 469 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 471 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 478 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 479 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 481 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 484 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 485 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 486 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 487 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 489 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 490 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 493 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 495 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 496 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 500 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 505 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 506 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 510 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 511 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 512 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 514 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 517 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 518 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 519 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 520 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 522 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 524 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 527 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 528 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 530 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 531 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 532 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 536 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 538 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 541 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 542 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 544 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 545 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 546 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 549 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 550 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 551 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 554 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 556 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 557 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 560 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 562 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 568 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 569 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 573 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 574 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 575 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 577 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 580 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 581 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 582 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 584 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 585 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 586 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 587 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 593 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 595 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 596 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 600 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 603 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 605 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 606 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 607 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 609 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 611 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 613 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 615 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 617 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 619 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 622 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 626 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 627 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 630 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 634 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 635 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 637 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 640 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 643 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 646 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 649 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 650 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 651 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 652 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 653 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 654 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 657 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 659 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 661 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 662 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 663 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 664 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 666 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 668 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 673 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 674 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 675 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 679 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 680 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 681 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 682 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 683 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 684 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 685 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 687 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 688 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 690 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 694 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 695 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 698 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 701 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 702 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 703 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 704 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 705 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 706 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 707 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 710 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 714 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 715 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 720 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 721 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 723 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 726 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 728 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 730 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 731 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 734 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 736 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 738 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 739 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 742 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 744 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 746 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 749 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 750 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 751 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 752 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 756 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 759 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 761 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 765 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 766 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 767 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 770 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 776 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 777 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 779 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 780 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 782 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 785 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 786 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 787 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 788 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 790 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 792 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 793 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 794 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 795 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 796 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 797 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 799 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 800 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 801 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 804 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 807 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 809 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 811 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 813 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 814 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 815 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 816 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 817 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 818 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 821 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 822 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 823 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 824 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 826 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 827 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 829 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 831 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 832 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 835 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 836 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 838 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 839 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 840 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 841 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 842 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 843 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 849 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 850 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 851 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 853 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 854 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 855 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 856 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 857 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 859 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 860 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 861 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 862 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 863 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 865 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 868 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 869 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 870 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 872 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 878 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 881 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 882 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 884 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 886 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 887 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 888 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 890 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 891 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 892 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 893 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 895 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 897 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 899 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 900 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 901 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 904 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 905 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 912 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 915 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 916 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 918 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 919 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 922 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 924 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 926 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 927 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 928 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 929 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 933 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 937 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 939 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 941 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 943 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 944 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 947 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 948 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 950 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 951 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 954 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 956 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 957 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 958 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 959 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 963 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 965 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 968 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 974 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 975 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 976 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 979 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 980 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 982 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 983 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 985 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 986 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 987 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 989 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 990 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 992 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 993 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 994 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 997 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 999 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 0 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 1 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 2 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 3 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 5 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 6 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 9 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 10 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 12 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 14 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 17 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 20 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 21 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 24 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 26 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 28 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 29 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 34 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 35 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 38 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 39 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 40 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 41 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 42 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 43 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 45 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 47 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 50 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 51 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 52 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 55 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 56 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 57 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 59 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 64 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 65 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 66 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 67 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 68 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 71 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 74 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 75 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 76 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 77 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 78 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 79 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 81 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 82 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 84 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 85 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 86 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 88 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 90 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 91 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 92 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 94 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 101 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 103 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 104 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 105 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 106 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 108 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 109 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 111 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 112 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 113 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 116 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 117 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 121 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 126 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 127 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 128 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 129 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 130 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 131 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 132 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 133 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 137 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 138 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 141 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 143 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 145 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 147 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 148 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 149 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 151 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 153 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 154 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 156 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 158 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 159 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 161 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 164 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 166 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 167 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 170 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 171 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 178 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 185 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 186 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 187 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 188 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 190 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 191 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 192 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 194 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 201 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 202 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 208 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 209 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 210 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 211 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 213 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 214 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 215 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 216 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 217 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 218 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 220 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 222 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 223 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 224 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 225 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 226 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 235 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 236 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 237 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 239 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 241 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 244 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 245 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 251 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 252 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 253 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 254 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 257 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 262 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 266 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 271 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 272 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 273 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 275 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 276 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 279 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 280 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 281 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 284 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 289 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 290 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 291 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 294 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 295 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 298 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 299 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 305 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 309 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 310 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 311 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 312 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 313 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 314 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 316 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 318 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 320 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 323 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 324 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 327 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 328 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 329 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 330 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 331 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 335 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 336 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 340 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 341 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 342 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 344 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 346 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 349 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 352 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 353 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 355 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 359 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 360 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 362 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 363 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 364 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 365 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 368 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 373 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 374 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 375 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 376 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 377 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 384 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 387 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 388 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 390 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 393 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 395 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 397 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 401 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 404 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 407 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 408 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 410 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 412 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 414 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 415 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 416 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 417 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 418 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 420 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 421 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 422 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 423 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 426 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 430 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 432 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 433 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 436 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 438 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 439 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 440 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 441 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 444 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 446 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 449 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 450 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 451 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 452 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 454 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 456 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 457 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 458 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 460 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 461 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 464 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 467 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 468 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 472 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 477 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 482 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 483 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 484 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 487 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 488 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 489 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 490 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 496 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 498 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 501 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 502 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 504 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 505 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 506 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 508 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 509 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 510 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 512 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 513 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 514 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 515 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 517 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 518 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 521 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 524 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 530 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 533 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 534 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 536 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 537 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 539 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 540 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 541 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 543 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 544 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 548 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 549 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 552 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 564 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 565 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 566 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 568 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 570 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 571 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 572 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 575 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 579 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 580 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 581 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 582 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 584 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 585 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 586 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 587 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 589 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 591 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 592 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 594 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 595 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 596 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 599 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 601 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 602 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 604 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 605 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 607 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 609 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 610 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 611 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 612 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 613 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 617 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 620 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 622 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 623 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 624 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 626 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 629 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 631 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 632 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 634 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 636 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 638 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 639 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 642 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 646 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 647 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 648 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 650 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 652 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 653 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 654 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 656 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 657 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 659 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 661 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 664 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 665 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 666 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 668 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 669 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 670 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 671 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 674 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 677 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 678 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 681 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 682 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 684 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 685 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 686 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 689 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 692 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 695 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 697 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 702 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 703 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 704 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 705 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 707 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 708 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 710 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 713 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 715 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 716 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 719 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 720 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 721 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 727 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 730 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 733 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 734 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 736 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 738 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 740 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 741 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 746 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 747 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 748 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 751 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 752 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 755 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 756 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 758 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 762 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 763 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 764 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 765 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 766 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 769 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 770 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 771 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 774 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 778 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 779 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 780 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 781 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 784 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 786 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 787 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 791 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 792 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 793 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 794 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 795 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 796 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 802 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 803 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 807 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 809 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 811 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 812 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 816 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 818 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 820 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 821 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 822 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 823 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 824 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 826 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 828 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 829 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 830 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 833 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 837 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 840 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 841 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 847 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 848 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 850 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 852 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 853 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 855 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 856 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 857 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 860 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 863 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 864 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 865 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 867 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 869 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 870 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 872 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 873 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 874 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 875 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 876 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 880 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 883 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 884 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 886 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 887 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 889 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 892 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 893 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 894 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 896 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 897 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 898 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 902 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 904 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 905 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 906 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 909 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 910 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 912 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 913 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 914 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 916 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 917 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 918 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 919 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 920 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 921 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 922 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 927 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 930 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 931 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 932 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 934 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 935 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 938 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 940 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 943 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 944 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 945 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 946 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 947 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 948 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 951 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 952 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 953 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 954 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 956 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 959 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 960 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 961 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 962 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 965 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 969 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 970 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 972 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 977 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 978 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 979 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 985 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 987 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 991 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 992 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 993 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 996 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 997 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 998 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 999 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 6 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 7 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 11 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 12 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 13 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 14 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 15 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 17 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 18 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 19 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 21 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 22 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 24 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 26 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 28 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 30 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 32 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 34 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 38 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 39 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 44 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 47 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 49 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 51 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 55 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 59 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 60 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 61 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 66 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 68 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 69 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 70 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 71 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 73 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 75 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 81 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 87 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 95 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 96 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 97 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 99 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 100 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 101 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 103 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 104 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 107 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 110 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 111 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 113 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 114 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 116 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 117 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 118 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 119 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 120 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 122 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 123 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 125 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 127 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 128 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 131 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 133 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 136 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 137 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 138 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 139 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 140 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 144 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 145 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 146 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 150 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 151 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 153 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 154 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 155 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 156 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 161 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 162 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 165 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 166 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 169 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 173 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 174 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 176 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 177 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 181 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 182 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 183 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 187 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 190 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 192 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 193 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 199 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 200 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 204 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 205 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 206 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 207 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 208 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 210 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 211 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 212 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 218 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 221 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 224 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 225 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 226 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 229 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 231 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 232 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 233 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 238 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 239 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 241 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 242 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 243 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 245 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 248 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 249 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 251 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 252 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 254 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 256 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 257 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 258 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 261 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 262 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 266 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 267 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 269 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 270 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 271 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 272 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 275 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 276 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 277 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 279 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 281 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 282 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 285 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 286 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 287 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 288 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 291 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 293 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 294 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 295 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 302 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 303 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 304 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 305 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 308 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 309 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 310 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 311 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 313 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 314 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 317 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 320 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 322 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 323 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 324 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 325 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 327 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 328 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 329 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 330 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 331 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 332 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 335 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 338 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 340 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 341 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 344 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 345 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 347 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 348 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 349 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 351 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 353 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 356 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 358 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 362 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 364 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 368 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 369 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 370 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 372 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 373 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 374 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 375 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 377 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 378 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 380 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 381 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 384 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 385 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 389 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 390 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 391 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 396 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 399 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 400 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 402 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 404 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 405 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 408 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 411 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 414 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 415 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 418 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 420 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 421 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 422 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 423 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 425 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 426 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 427 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 429 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 430 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 431 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 432 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 433 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 435 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 436 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 437 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 438 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 441 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 447 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 448 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 455 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 456 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 457 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 459 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 462 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 463 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 465 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 467 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 469 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 470 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 471 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 472 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 474 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 478 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 479 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 482 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 483 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 484 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 485 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 486 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 487 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 491 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 493 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 495 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 497 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 499 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 500 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 502 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 503 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 505 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 506 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 507 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 516 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 517 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 518 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 520 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 521 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 523 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 525 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 528 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 532 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 533 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 535 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 538 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 539 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 543 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 544 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 545 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 546 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 547 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 548 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 549 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 552 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 559 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 560 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 563 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 564 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 570 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 572 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 576 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 578 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 582 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 583 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 584 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 589 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 592 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 593 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 594 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 596 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 597 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 601 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 602 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 603 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 605 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 607 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 610 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 611 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 612 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 613 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 614 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 618 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 619 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 620 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 622 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 625 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 627 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 628 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 630 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 631 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 633 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 636 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 637 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 638 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 639 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 641 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 642 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 644 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 645 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 648 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 653 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 655 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 659 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 661 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 667 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 668 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 672 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 675 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 680 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 681 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 682 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 683 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 690 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 691 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 692 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 698 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 699 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 701 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 703 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 705 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 706 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 710 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 711 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 713 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 714 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 715 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 717 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 719 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 720 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 724 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 728 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 731 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 735 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 737 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 742 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 744 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 747 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 749 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 750 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 752 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 757 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 759 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 761 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 762 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 763 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 764 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 765 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 766 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 768 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 770 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 771 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 772 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 775 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 776 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 778 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 783 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 784 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 785 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 787 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 788 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 789 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 790 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 792 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 793 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 794 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 795 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 796 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 798 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 799 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 800 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 805 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 806 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 807 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 808 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 810 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 811 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 814 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 816 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 817 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 820 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 821 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 822 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 823 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 824 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 825 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 826 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 828 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 829 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 832 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 836 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 838 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 840 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 843 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 844 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 846 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 848 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 850 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 852 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 853 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 854 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 855 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 856 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 857 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 859 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 860 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 861 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 865 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 867 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 874 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 877 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 878 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 882 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 884 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 885 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 887 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 888 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 890 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 892 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 893 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 894 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 900 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 903 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 904 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 909 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 910 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 912 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 914 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 919 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 920 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 921 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 922 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 923 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 924 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 926 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 928 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 930 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 932 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 933 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 934 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 936 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 940 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 941 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 943 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 944 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 945 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 946 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 947 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 948 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 951 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 952 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 953 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 954 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 956 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 959 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 961 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 962 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 966 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 967 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 971 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 972 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 973 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 975 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 977 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 978 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 979 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 980 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 982 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 987 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 988 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 990 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 992 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 994 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 995 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 996 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 0 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 1 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 4 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 5 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 8 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 9 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 12 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 13 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 16 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 20 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 24 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 25 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 28 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 29 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 30 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 32 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 34 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 36 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 37 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 38 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 39 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 40 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 41 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 42 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 44 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 46 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 47 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 48 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 51 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 55 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 59 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 60 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 61 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 63 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 64 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 66 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 68 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 70 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 75 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 78 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 80 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 83 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 86 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 87 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 88 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 89 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 91 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 93 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 95 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 96 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 97 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 102 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 104 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 105 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 106 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 108 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 111 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 112 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 114 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 115 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 117 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 119 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 122 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 124 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 125 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 126 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 127 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 131 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 136 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 137 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 138 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 139 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 140 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 141 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 142 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 144 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 149 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 150 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 154 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 155 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 157 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 158 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 159 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 160 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 162 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 164 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 165 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 168 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 170 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 176 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 178 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 179 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 180 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 182 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 186 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 187 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 190 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 195 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 198 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 199 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 200 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 201 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 203 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 207 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 208 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 209 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 213 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 214 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 215 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 216 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 217 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 218 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 219 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 220 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 224 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 225 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 229 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 230 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 234 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 241 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 242 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 244 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 245 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 246 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 248 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 249 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 252 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 255 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 259 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 261 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 262 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 263 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 264 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 267 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 272 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 273 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 274 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 276 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 283 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 284 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 285 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 287 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 288 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 289 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 290 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 294 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 296 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 302 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 304 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 307 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 309 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 310 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 311 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 314 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 319 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 320 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 321 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 322 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 323 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 324 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 325 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 328 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 330 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 332 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 334 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 336 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 338 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 339 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 341 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 343 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 344 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 349 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 350 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 352 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 357 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 358 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 364 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 367 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 369 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 370 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 371 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 372 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 374 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 377 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 379 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 380 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 381 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 382 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 383 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 384 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 385 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 390 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 391 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 394 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 395 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 396 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 400 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 405 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 408 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 411 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 414 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 415 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 416 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 419 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 421 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 424 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 425 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 427 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 429 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 431 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 432 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 433 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 434 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 436 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 439 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 440 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 441 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 443 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 445 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 446 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 449 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 450 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 455 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 457 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 459 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 461 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 462 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 469 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 473 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 474 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 477 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 478 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 480 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 484 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 486 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 488 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 489 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 491 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 494 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 495 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 497 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 498 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 499 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 500 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 504 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 506 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 507 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 508 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 510 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 517 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 518 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 519 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 520 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 521 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 522 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 524 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 525 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 526 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 527 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 528 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 530 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 531 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 533 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 534 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 536 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 537 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 539 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 540 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 541 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 544 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 545 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 546 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 549 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 550 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 551 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 555 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 558 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 559 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 562 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 563 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 567 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 569 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 570 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 574 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 575 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 576 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 577 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 578 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 581 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 582 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 584 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 585 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 586 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 591 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 592 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 593 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 594 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 595 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 596 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 597 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 599 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 601 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 602 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 603 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 606 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 608 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 610 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 614 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 615 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 617 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 618 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 621 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 622 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 623 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 625 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 626 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 628 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 630 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 631 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 634 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 636 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 637 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 638 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 639 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 640 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 642 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 643 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 644 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 647 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 649 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 652 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 653 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 655 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 656 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 660 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 663 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 664 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 669 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 676 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 678 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 679 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 681 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 682 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 683 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 684 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 685 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 687 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 688 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 690 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 691 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 693 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 694 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 697 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 698 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 700 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 701 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 703 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 705 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 706 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 707 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 708 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 713 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 716 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 717 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 719 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 720 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 722 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 723 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 724 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 725 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 726 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 729 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 730 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 733 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 734 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 735 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 740 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 741 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 743 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 744 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 746 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 748 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 750 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 751 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 752 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 754 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 755 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 756 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 757 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 758 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 760 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 761 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 764 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 765 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 770 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 776 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 777 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 778 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 782 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 783 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 784 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 786 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 789 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 791 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 792 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 794 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 795 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 796 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 797 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 800 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 801 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 803 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 804 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 806 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 810 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 811 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 813 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 815 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 816 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 817 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 818 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 819 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 824 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 825 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 826 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 827 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 831 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 832 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 833 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 834 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 836 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 837 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 840 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 842 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 846 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 847 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 848 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 854 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 858 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 859 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 862 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 863 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 864 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 865 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 866 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 869 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 872 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 873 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 875 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 877 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 880 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 886 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 888 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 893 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 894 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 895 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 896 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 898 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 899 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 905 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 907 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 910 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 912 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 914 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 915 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 916 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 917 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 918 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 919 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 923 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 924 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 925 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 927 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 931 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 932 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 934 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 935 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 937 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 938 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 943 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 944 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 945 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 946 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 947 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 949 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 950 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 951 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 952 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 953 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 954 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 955 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 956 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 957 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 961 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 964 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 965 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 968 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 972 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 978 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 979 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 982 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 984 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 985 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 986 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 988 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 989 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 990 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 991 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 992 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 998 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 999 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 1 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 5 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 9 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 11 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 13 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 15 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 16 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 17 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 18 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 20 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 22 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 24 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 27 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 28 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 30 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 31 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 32 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 33 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 34 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 38 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 40 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 44 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 45 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 49 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 51 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 53 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 54 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 57 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 59 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 62 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 63 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 65 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 66 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 69 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 73 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 74 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 75 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 79 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 80 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 81 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 82 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 84 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 86 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 87 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 88 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 91 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 92 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 93 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 96 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 97 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 103 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 107 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 110 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 111 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 112 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 113 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 115 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 116 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 118 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 119 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 120 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 121 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 123 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 124 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 127 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 128 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 131 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 133 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 134 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 136 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 137 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 138 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 140 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 143 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 145 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 146 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 149 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 150 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 152 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 153 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 159 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 161 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 162 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 163 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 164 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 165 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 166 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 170 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 172 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 174 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 175 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 176 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 179 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 180 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 181 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 182 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 184 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 185 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 186 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 187 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 188 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 189 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 190 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 193 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 194 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 195 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 196 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 198 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 200 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 202 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 204 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 211 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 212 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 214 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 215 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 216 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 217 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 221 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 223 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 225 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 227 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 230 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 231 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 232 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 235 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 236 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 238 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 239 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 240 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 242 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 247 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 248 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 255 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 256 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 257 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 258 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 261 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 262 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 263 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 264 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 265 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 266 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 271 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 280 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 281 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 283 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 288 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 290 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 291 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 293 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 294 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 295 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 296 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 297 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 299 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 303 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 304 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 307 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 310 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 311 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 312 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 313 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 315 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 316 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 318 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 322 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 323 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 325 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 326 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 328 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 330 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 331 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 332 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 334 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 335 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 338 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 339 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 340 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 341 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 342 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 345 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 347 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 349 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 352 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 353 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 356 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 357 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 358 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 363 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 364 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 366 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 369 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 373 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 375 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 376 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 379 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 381 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 383 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 393 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 395 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 398 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 399 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 400 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 401 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 402 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 403 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 407 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 409 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 412 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 413 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 416 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 417 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 418 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 419 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 422 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 426 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 427 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 428 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 429 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 430 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 433 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 435 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 438 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 440 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 442 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 444 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 445 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 447 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 450 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 453 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 459 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 460 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 461 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 466 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 470 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 472 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 473 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 475 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 478 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 481 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 490 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 491 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 494 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 495 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 502 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 505 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 506 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 507 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 510 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 512 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 518 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 519 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 520 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 521 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 525 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 528 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 529 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 533 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 535 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 536 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 537 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 538 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 541 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 543 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 544 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 545 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 547 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 550 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 552 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 553 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 556 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 557 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 558 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 559 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 561 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 563 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 564 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 567 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 568 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 570 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 573 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 576 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 577 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 579 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 584 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 585 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 587 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 590 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 592 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 593 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 598 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 604 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 606 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 607 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 608 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 609 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 611 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 614 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 615 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 616 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 618 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 619 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 622 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 624 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 625 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 630 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 631 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 633 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 634 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 636 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 637 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 638 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 641 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 642 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 646 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 647 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 648 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 651 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 652 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 653 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 654 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 655 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 659 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 665 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 666 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 667 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 668 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 669 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 670 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 671 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 672 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 673 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 675 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 678 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 683 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 692 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 694 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 695 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 697 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 699 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 701 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 702 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 704 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 708 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 709 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 711 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 712 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 713 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 714 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 715 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 716 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 718 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 721 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 722 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 726 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 727 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 728 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 731 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 735 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 737 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 738 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 741 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 744 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 745 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 746 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 752 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 753 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 754 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 758 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 759 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 761 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 765 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 766 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 773 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 775 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 776 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 777 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 778 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 779 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 780 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 781 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 784 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 787 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 788 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 789 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 790 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 792 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 793 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 795 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 797 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 798 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 800 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 802 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 807 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 808 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 809 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 810 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 811 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 812 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 815 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 816 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 817 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 818 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 819 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 820 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 822 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 823 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 824 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 826 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 827 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 829 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 830 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 834 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 839 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 841 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 842 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 844 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 845 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 849 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 851 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 855 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 856 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 857 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 858 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 859 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 860 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 861 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 863 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 865 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 866 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 867 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 871 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 872 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 873 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 874 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 875 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 876 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 877 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 880 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 882 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 883 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 886 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 887 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 888 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 892 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 893 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 895 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 901 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 904 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 905 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 906 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 908 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 914 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 916 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 918 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 920 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 921 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 923 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 925 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 927 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 929 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 932 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 933 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 934 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 943 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 944 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 945 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 947 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 949 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 950 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 951 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 952 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 953 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 955 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 959 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 960 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 962 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 965 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 968 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 971 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 974 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 975 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 976 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 977 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 978 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 979 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 981 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 982 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 984 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 985 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 987 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 988 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 990 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 992 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 994 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 995 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 997 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 998 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 0 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 2 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 3 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 6 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 8 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 10 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 11 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 12 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 15 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 16 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 19 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 20 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 22 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 23 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 24 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 26 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 27 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 28 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 29 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 30 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 31 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 33 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 34 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 35 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 36 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 37 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 40 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 41 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 42 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 44 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 46 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 51 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 56 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 58 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 59 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 60 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 64 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 65 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 66 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 67 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 68 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 73 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 74 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 76 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 79 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 80 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 82 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 84 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 86 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 88 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 89 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 92 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 93 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 96 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 100 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 103 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 104 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 106 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 108 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 110 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 111 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 115 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 116 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 117 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 118 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 119 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 121 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 122 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 123 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 125 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 127 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 129 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 136 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 137 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 139 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 141 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 144 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 146 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 147 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 148 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 151 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 153 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 154 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 156 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 158 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 159 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 160 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 161 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 165 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 167 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 172 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 173 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 179 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 180 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 181 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 182 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 184 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 185 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 187 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 188 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 190 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 191 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 195 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 197 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 199 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 200 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 201 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 202 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 203 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 204 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 206 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 207 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 208 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 209 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 210 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 214 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 215 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 217 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 220 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 224 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 229 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 231 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 232 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 234 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 235 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 236 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 237 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 239 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 241 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 243 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 244 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 247 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 248 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 249 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 250 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 252 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 253 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 254 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 255 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 257 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 258 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 259 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 260 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 261 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 262 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 266 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 268 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 271 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 273 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 275 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 282 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 284 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 285 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 287 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 289 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 290 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 291 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 292 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 296 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 297 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 300 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 301 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 302 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 306 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 308 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 310 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 311 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 315 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 318 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 319 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 321 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 322 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 323 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 324 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 326 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 327 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 330 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 331 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 334 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 336 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 340 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 344 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 350 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 351 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 353 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 356 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 363 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 365 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 368 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 369 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 370 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 371 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 373 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 374 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 381 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 382 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 383 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 385 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 388 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 389 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 390 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 393 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 399 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 401 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 402 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 404 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 406 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 410 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 412 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 415 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 417 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 418 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 419 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 421 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 422 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 423 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 426 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 427 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 428 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 429 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 432 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 433 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 435 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 439 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 442 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 444 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 447 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 449 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 453 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 454 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 457 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 458 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 459 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 460 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 461 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 462 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 465 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 468 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 469 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 471 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 472 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 473 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 478 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 479 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 480 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 483 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 484 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 485 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 486 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 489 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 492 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 494 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 495 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 497 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 500 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 503 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 508 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 510 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 514 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 519 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 520 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 521 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 524 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 525 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 528 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 529 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 532 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 537 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 542 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 543 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 544 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 546 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 547 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 548 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 551 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 553 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 554 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 555 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 556 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 557 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 558 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 559 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 561 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 563 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 565 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 566 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 567 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 570 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 571 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 572 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 574 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 576 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 579 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 580 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 581 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 582 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 586 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 587 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 588 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 590 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 592 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 595 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 596 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 597 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 599 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 600 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 601 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 602 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 607 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 608 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 609 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 610 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 611 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 612 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 613 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 616 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 617 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 618 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 619 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 622 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 625 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 626 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 628 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 630 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 633 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 636 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 639 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 642 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 643 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 644 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 645 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 646 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 647 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 648 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 649 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 650 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 651 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 652 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 653 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 654 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 655 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 657 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 658 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 659 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 660 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 661 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 664 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 665 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 666 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 667 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 668 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 675 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 677 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 678 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 680 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 681 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 682 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 685 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 686 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 690 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 691 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 692 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 697 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 698 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 703 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 704 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 706 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 708 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 714 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 718 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 721 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 724 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 728 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 729 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 731 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 732 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 734 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 736 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 743 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 744 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 747 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 749 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 751 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 752 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 754 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 756 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 762 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 764 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 765 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 768 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 769 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 770 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 772 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 774 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 775 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 776 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 777 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 782 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 784 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 787 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 792 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 794 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 795 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 799 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 801 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 802 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 808 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 810 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 811 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 814 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 815 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 819 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 820 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 823 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 824 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 826 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 827 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 829 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 831 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 834 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 837 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 840 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 842 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 844 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 847 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 849 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 850 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 852 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 853 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 855 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 858 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 859 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 861 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 864 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 865 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 867 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 868 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 869 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 872 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 874 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 875 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 876 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 877 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 878 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 881 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 884 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 886 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 889 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 893 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 895 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 897 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 902 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 906 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 908 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 911 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 914 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 916 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 917 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 919 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 920 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 923 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 924 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 926 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 929 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 933 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 934 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 935 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 936 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 938 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 939 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 941 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 943 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 945 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 946 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 947 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 948 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 949 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 959 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 962 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 968 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 969 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 972 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 974 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 977 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 978 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 980 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 982 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 983 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 988 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 991 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 992 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 993 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 994 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 995 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 996 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 997 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 998 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 999 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 0 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 2 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 3 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 4 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 13 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 15 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 19 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 21 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 24 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 29 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 30 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 32 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 33 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 36 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 38 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 40 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 51 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 52 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 53 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 54 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 55 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 56 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 57 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 60 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 63 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 64 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 65 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 68 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 69 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 70 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 71 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 73 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 74 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 75 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 76 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 78 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 79 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 83 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 84 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 85 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 88 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 91 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 93 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 96 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 97 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 98 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 99 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 103 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 104 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 106 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 107 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 108 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 110 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 113 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 114 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 115 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 116 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 119 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 121 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 123 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 124 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 125 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 129 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 131 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 132 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 136 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 138 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 143 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 144 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 146 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 147 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 149 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 150 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 151 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 152 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 154 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 155 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 156 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 157 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 158 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 163 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 164 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 165 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 167 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 168 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 170 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 171 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 172 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 174 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 175 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 176 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 178 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 180 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 181 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 182 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 183 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 185 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 186 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 187 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 188 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 193 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 196 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 197 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 198 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 201 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 203 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 205 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 206 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 209 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 210 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 211 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 212 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 214 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 216 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 218 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 219 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 222 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 223 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 224 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 227 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 228 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 230 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 231 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 233 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 235 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 238 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 240 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 244 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 246 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 249 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 250 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 253 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 257 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 258 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 259 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 262 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 263 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 267 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 268 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 270 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 271 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 274 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 275 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 276 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 277 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 280 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 282 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 285 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 291 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 292 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 295 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 296 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 297 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 303 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 305 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 306 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 308 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 309 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 310 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 314 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 315 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 316 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 317 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 319 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 320 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 322 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 327 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 329 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 331 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 335 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 337 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 338 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 342 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 343 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 347 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 348 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 349 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 350 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 351 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 353 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 354 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 355 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 357 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 358 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 359 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 361 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 362 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 363 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 365 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 366 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 367 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 368 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 372 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 374 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 375 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 376 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 377 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 379 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 381 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 382 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 383 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 387 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 388 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 391 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 395 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 397 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 399 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 400 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 402 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 404 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 405 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 410 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 412 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 415 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 416 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 417 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 420 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 421 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 422 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 423 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 424 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 426 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 427 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 431 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 432 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 435 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 437 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 439 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 440 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 441 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 445 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 446 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 451 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 452 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 454 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 455 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 456 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 460 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 462 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 463 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 467 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 469 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 472 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 473 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 481 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 482 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 483 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 486 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 487 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 491 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 492 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 494 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 496 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 497 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 500 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 502 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 503 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 506 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 507 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 508 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 511 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 512 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 514 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 515 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 518 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 521 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 522 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 524 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 525 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 528 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 532 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 534 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 537 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 541 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 542 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 545 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 547 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 548 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 549 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 550 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 552 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 554 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 558 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 559 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 562 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 563 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 564 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 565 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 566 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 568 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 574 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 576 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 577 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 578 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 581 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 582 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 584 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 586 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 593 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 597 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 599 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 600 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 601 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 602 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 603 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 604 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 605 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 606 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 607 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 608 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 609 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 612 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 613 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 615 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 616 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 617 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 618 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 620 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 624 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 626 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 630 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 632 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 633 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 634 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 637 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 638 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 639 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 642 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 644 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 646 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 647 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 648 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 649 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 651 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 654 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 655 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 656 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 657 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 658 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 661 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 662 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 663 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 664 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 666 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 667 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 668 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 669 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 671 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 672 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 674 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 676 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 677 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 682 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 684 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 687 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 688 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 689 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 690 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 691 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 693 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 703 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 704 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 705 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 706 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 707 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 708 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 710 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 711 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 712 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 713 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 714 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 715 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 716 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 717 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 718 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 719 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 723 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 727 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 728 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 729 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 732 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 733 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 734 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 735 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 739 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 741 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 743 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 745 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 746 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 747 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 748 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 750 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 751 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 752 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 753 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 754 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 757 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 760 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 761 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 762 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 763 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 766 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 768 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 769 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 772 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 773 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 777 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 779 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 780 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 783 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 789 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 790 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 791 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 792 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 793 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 795 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 796 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 797 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 799 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 805 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 807 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 808 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 809 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 810 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 814 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 815 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 817 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 818 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 821 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 824 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 826 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 827 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 829 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 832 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 833 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 835 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 840 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 842 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 844 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 851 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 852 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 854 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 855 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 860 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 861 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 862 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 863 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 864 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 865 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 869 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 870 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 871 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 874 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 875 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 876 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 881 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 884 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 885 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 886 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 887 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 892 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 894 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 897 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 898 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 902 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 903 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 904 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 905 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 907 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 908 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 912 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 913 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 914 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 918 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 925 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 928 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 932 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 937 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 939 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 940 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 941 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 942 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 943 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 944 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 945 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 946 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 948 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 949 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 950 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 951 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 954 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 955 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 956 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 959 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 963 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 965 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 966 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 967 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 968 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 969 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 970 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 972 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 973 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 974 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 977 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 981 is permanent
academic rank Assistant
Hourly based employee salary:1700

EmployeeID 982 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 983 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 984 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 985 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 987 is permanent
academic rank Lecturer
Hourly based employee salary:1500

EmployeeID 992 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 995 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000

EmployeeID 996 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 997 is permanent
academic rank Associate
Hourly based employee salary:1900

EmployeeID 999 is permanent
academic rank Professor
Hourly based employee salary:2000
